AIPO: Well Tie-In Discussion 
lun, 25 de nov de 2024

0:00 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Good afternoon, good afternoon. I'm just, I forgot which, okay, perfect.

0:17 - Unidentified Speaker Hello morning. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. You know, Hello. Hi, everyone.

1:14 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yes, I'm trying to meet some other guy. It's not there. Yeah.

2:02 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, we're trying to I think it seems busy Okay, no problem.

2:14 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Let's wait five minutes.

2:18 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, okay, then we can join each other Allah. I will be in the live.

2:49 - Unidentified Speaker Mute.

3:43 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) I think we have Mr. Farid here. I think maybe he's busy. Is Sheikh going to join us?

4:01 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, he'll join in five minutes. Well, he's supposed to join. I left off with now I go to site. OK.

4:13 - Unidentified Speaker We can start. We can start.

4:17 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So good afternoon, everyone. I'm Rahul Patel from the project team. And today's discussion we are planning about the supply planning or the detailed discussion about well the planning of the tying material so I think we've had one conversation just a minute let me do one thing I can if I can see if I can record the session let me check I've requested Tara to join.

5:17 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Who can help us record this discussion? No problem, I I think only the requester can join.

5:31 - Unidentified Speaker Do we'll see, let's see.

5:36 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, gentlemen, share now with us.

5:47 - Unidentified Speaker Good. We can go ahead.

5:49 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Yeah, OK, thank you.

5:51 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) Good afternoon once again. So today's discussion about the tying this tying materials related to the link process so. What we want to do is to understand that trying process in detail. So in one of our previous discussion we have briefly talked about tying. Tying is another set of material going to be part of the drilling materials which we need to plan along with the rest of the drilling materials. So as part of discussion now that we're finalizing the design for the planning of drilling materials we want to make sure that we also consider tying material requirement as part of the design and then use this information to set up the process in IVP. On high level the process we have agreed for drilling is that we will update the well plan in IBP. Based upon the well plan, all the material and completion code, we will create the demand in IBP based upon the bill of material.

6:59 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) It would be for all the three years, so well plan for like, I think it cannot be available in our.

7:12 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So what I understand for three to five years data is available in the software and we are trying to interface with. The software to pull the to make sure that we can pull the well plan. Whatever well plan is created would be available in IBP and for that well plan we will create the material forecast in IBP directly.

7:40 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) So. Sorry, sorry if you're not. If you allowed me, I believe we work like this style before eight years with IT and that time can't be a success due to that availability.

7:54 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So Abdul and again, I think we've discussed right the DW system has the well plan for three to five years and we are using the same time.

8:06 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) It will be completely different. Okay, so maybe shake. I think he didn't join. Maybe I can rejoin me. No, it's not there.

8:16 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) I think I saw him.

8:19 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) It will be similar like chemicals where I go. Okay, if can you can you pull shake again? Try to ask him to join him. Ask him to join this meeting. So you can explain what exactly they are doing.

8:37 - Unidentified Speaker So then you'll understand more.

8:40 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, because JBTI is not similar. We tried before eight years with IT and to combine with Maximo, and we're not success. And also that time, the focal point.

8:58 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) So in time, how is this BOM generated? How do we know? History, history.

9:07 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) We make forecast based on the history. We say the majority, we build it as it is. And alhamdulillah, since that time, if you saw JV forecast, it is almost above 85% to 90% consumption.

9:29 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) So you don't have any bomb, like any record? Just by historical consumption, you are protesting?

9:38 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah, and alhamdulillah, we succeeded. At that time, Mr. Doshi was our focal point, and he observed the thing.

9:49 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) But let me add, Sheikh, because his language is similar to yours.

9:55 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) No, no. Yeah, Sheikh, there is no standard set of materials or quantities.

10:03 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Yeah there is different configuration and the configuration we cannot know until before the RRD date. But we built this one based on the history.

10:13 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) But then how the overall process is in line with drilling like from a project perspective why drilling and tying are put together because what I understand tying the process of tying starts only after once you start getting fluids out

10:31 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) of well right yeah so how this to actually is to enable the forecast they are together because both are forecasted so now we have one more forecast model available which is chemical so you forget about drilling and the complexity it appears a lot so what they want to achieve Based on the forecast and consumption history, they want to update the forecast. And based on the forecast, they want to proceed for the time. So you can just suggest based on the chemical methodology.

11:13 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Same way. So for example, I'll show you. Uploading only.

11:17 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Uploading. So guys, me and Sheikh, we're supposed to join other meetings. Can we join within 10, 15 minutes?

11:26 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) You want we can schedule later, is that fine?

11:30 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) It will be better if it is after 2 today after 2. OK. I think there was. Yeah, sorry for that. We have other urgent meeting with the development. Right, OK, we'll we'll discuss in detail.

11:47 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Maybe once they join just to give the flavor of what what is happening.

11:54 - Farid Munassar Ahmed AL-Yafeai (ADNOC Onshore - PSD) Take care about you until 2 o'clock.

11:57 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) This is the example of what we used to get as a forecast. I'm just sharing my screen and then OK, you see here you will have the SAP, SAP code and then the item description and then yearly how much they need. So this would be based on the number of wells. What they plan, you know several examples. This comes from the DWS. Wells they're planning to complete in each year. From this, they will, based on the previous experience and the nature of the asset, they'll be knowing it. How many will be the operating oil producer and how many will be the water injection. Based on these two different well types, and also based on the asset like Bha, Bhuvasa and Southeast, they'll have well plan for three years. From this they used to derive this quantities. How much they need per year? It is not much complicated as drilling. This is very simple. They'll have that number against the item number. They'll have the quantities, how much they need per year.

13:07 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) Is this better than that link to the well plan like you said based upon?

13:12 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) No, no, no, no. There is no direct linking between this number of wells and then the quantity. Quantity may differ. Know because just say this is the forecast only because sometimes you know the world may be the minimum five kilometers they'll plan if you look at the line pipe requirement you know let's say tables and also the main item here is the line pipe you see this is a huge quantities which they used to consume you know because fine activity right so this quantity and all also that's just a forecast only at the time of actual execution of job only they will come to know how much exactly they So that's why it's been mentioned they're achieving around 85 to 90% of job accuracy. It may vary year by year, but at least they are achieving at least around 80% of what they forecast.

14:01 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) But but then what you're saying is while they're planning for wells, there is no relationship between material wells. No, is what you're saying. I'm not talking about quantity, but the SAP codes like which SAP codes to be forecasted. How would we know which recipe codes are to be forecasted to start with?

14:21 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Is there a set of materials which identify that by material group or something that is a time materials and all this? Correct, correct, they have a separate store. They created for science like 41 and 91. 91 for ASR, 41 for JB and these items are linked with that those stores.

14:40 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

14:41 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So so we we there is there is a finite list of metals which are only related to time and this metal are not a part of any drilling material. So the same metal will not be part of drilling.

14:53 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) No, no, it will be different completely. So it is kind of, you know, like chemicals what we are used to get as a forecast based on the production plan. For next three years. This is also similar kind of planning only like for the next three years. They'll know how many wells are planned to drill. Based on that, they will try to forecast how should they exactly did against each item code.

15:16 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So essentially what you expect is that you we look at the consumption of all these parts historically and based upon historical consumption generate a forecast and then user will manually adjust a forecast based upon the well plan we don't

15:30 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) need to do anything. Nothing. But maybe if we give more details on this planning maybe IVP can help the end user to do the planning also know better because if you see like okay line pipe I can understand it would because it's on the surface it may be the distance between the well and the operation plant maybe this cannot be estimated this cannot be estimated but like the other materials other equipments that may be for oil producer or water injector or those must be those type of well they must be having a special equipment right to be used when it is the well well this equipment will be used so if if we can maybe help in the planning process maybe they are doing manual this can be automated within IVP so it would benefit the end user yeah we will discuss in detail at two o'clock so we can hear from them also okay how they are planning so it will be more

16:34 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) clear for everyone okay team while We have Jagan and others on the call. Any other question or we can move this meeting at two?

16:43 - Hector Palacios I have one question. Is this forecast we are seeing here because I see it by material, I see it by year, is this the forecast we have or is just a report of the forecast?

16:55 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) The forecast which we are receiving from them.

16:58 - Hector Palacios This is actual forecast what we receive from them. But maybe they have another file in which they have more detail.

17:05 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) them. So that's something that we need to check with them.

17:12 - Arun Tejnarayan (ADNOC Group D&CS) So my question is like this time materials right is nothing but a regular materials just like chemicals or the other form of materials so is this needs to be considered as a part of the trailing process the entire like one stage of the drilling process or like what but this needs to be considered as a regular chemical process or something this come kind of I know how this project actually yeah this is like a project engineering project actually

17:52 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) I think see I think what these tie in the see first of all these drilling items know which are which they are using probably Probably, I think they are using it to drill under the ground. Maybe it is like this. No, no, no, sort of things. This is different. This is on the surface. Assume that you are able to extract the oil. You want to join that oil flow with some existing pipeline, okay, because you don't want to lay a new pipeline. Maybe you want to intersect one pipeline and feed the oil into that existing pipeline so that this will allow you to expand, you know, the network and pass the probably the crude into the processing plant. I think this is my understanding, but again, Doss or Ashik, now you can correct me if I'm wrong.

19:05 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yeah, exactly, exactly. That's correct, that's correct.

19:07 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So you're basically, you're connecting your well to your existing grid of pumping system or oil grids.

19:13 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, but the thing is, there may be so many cases where a direct connection may not be available. So I think they are using this sort of tie-in materials to probably put a hole into the one existing pipeline and connect one with another. This is on the surface. This is not under the ground. That is the difference, I think, between the drilling items and these tie-in items.

19:41 - Hector Palacios I have two more questions. If you can answer, otherwise, we can wait up to. The first, is this done by a specialized team? Mentioned that this is like a project, so I guess that this is a different team. It's not drilling, it's not MRO, it's not chemicals, it's another team. Yes, exactly. All right, perfect. And your question, the material type, is this another type of material?

20:10 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) No, it is currently under the drilling, the DRL.

20:13 - Hector Palacios It's under drilling material type. Yeah. All right, that's it for on my side. I don't know if there is any other question or we wait until two.

20:27 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yeah, better.

20:28 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) We can have a detailed discussion at two o'clock. And also, why can't this be monthly?

20:35 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) You distributed nights only, not yearly, right? Yeah, we are getting it to yearly. Then we break them into monthly for our planning.

20:45 - Mohammed Ashic (ADNOC Onshore - PD) that like the well completion will be having a monthly completion, right? So that we can check with them.

20:51 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) We'll talk to them. Is it possible?

20:53 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, so yeah, so probably based upon the drilling completion plan, this can be a follow up project saying that after the drill is completed, these are the metals required. So so in a way it can be in line with well plan, but then metals are plan independent is what I'm understanding. A quick question before we drop this call. Is this related to VMI anywhere?

21:16 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Currently there is no VMI involved in this time activities. I mean, so it's a direct direct document, correct? There are some LTPS available from the duties release order and some will be spotted.

21:29 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) So so essentially we are not talking about drilling process or at all. Our understanding from a previous call, but we had was the process is same as drilling. But now it's it's a simplified process. It's a different process, but same as chemicals. What you're saying, of course, let's understand more in our call. I'll move this call to 2 o'clock. Alright.

21:52 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you, OK, thank you.

21:54 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Thank you, thank you, thank you.

1:01:29 - Unidentified Speaker Shabbat shalom.

1:02:17 - Unidentified Speaker Yep, yep.

1:08:27 - Unidentified Speaker Looks like people are still busy.

1:09:01 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) It may be another option is to move it for tomorrow.

1:09:07 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Tomorrow I think that we are mostly free of meetings. Tomorrow morning maybe. Let's just wait five minutes and then we'll move it tomorrow.

1:09:22 - Unidentified Speaker All right.

1:09:23 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) It seems Farid is busy. This is what we are thinking. Some of the meeting what we can do I will check with him okay maybe if suitable tomorrow we can have we can reschedule the meeting you know yes yes tomorrow I'll check with him the timing yeah okay okay then then I'll I'll communicate to KPMG yeah sure sure or you let me know I will I will let them sure sure okay all right all right I'll suggest tomorrow 11 but check with whatever time is feasible for you.

1:10:01 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:10:02 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

1:10:07 - Rahul Patel (ADNOC Group D&CS) you level.

2:24:57 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Bye!