Review and Approval Meeting - Chemical - Session 2 
mié, 11 de dic de 2024

0:05 - Unidentified Speaker Hi, everyone. We'll just give a few minutes for everyone to join. You.

0:30 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 you I've had it. Um. Do we have everyone or.

5:48 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think we need to let us, uh, wait for two minutes. And also the focal point here to be here. I will work on that here.

6:01 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Sure.

8:29 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think we can start, because I think most of them are not available now. Maybe they know that their time is now. So you can go ahead and start. Later, we'll invite them, inshallah, during the discussion.

8:46 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

8:47 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, go ahead.

8:48 - Unidentified Speaker Go ahead. OK. Thanks, Yaser.

8:51 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Kunal, do you mind sharing your screen? Yeah, yeah, sure.

8:55 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Good afternoon, everyone. Let me share my screen. Hope you can see my screen. Business course is designed for chemicals demand planning. Yes, yes, please go ahead. Yeah.

9:10 - Unidentified Speaker So this is the first comment from Arunkumar.

9:14 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Please include the operations excellence as an additional reviewer as they are predominant in this material planning activity. To be discussed with the project team?

9:28 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think for the separation and excellence, he means about EAM team, which was already discussed the same. It will be again discussed here, similar to what we have already with the MRO maintenance. We need to have a separate meeting with the end users, team, and for the alignment. That's it. OK. Thanks. Same.

9:55 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) So this is an open open item that we need to discuss for as well as chemicals.

10:02 - Unidentified Speaker Yes, yeah.

10:03 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) So let me move to the next point.

10:07 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Can you can you ensure that all this reviewer part of this?

10:12 - Unidentified Speaker Call I just joined, sorry.

10:14 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yes, yes. No, can we ensure that this reviewer focal point is in the call already? Yes, I'm trying. Yes, I'm trying. Why is them because most of them are here but still our Kumar has told me after 10 minutes he will join Okay, who is this Ali? We need earlier from our yes, we need yes, we need Ali and also we need to know how I'm the Latif is here because Najeeb I think he's busy. I will look out for a minute guys.

10:46 - Unidentified Speaker I will look at are you here?

10:48 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 It is a book One more name that's missing is Mohammed Ashiq for Al Dhafra and Al Yasad.

11:09 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Mohammed Ashiq is on hold. No, Ali should be okay for onshore. For Al Dhafra and Al Yasad, there is no forecast chemicals, so it doesn't matter. Definitely, we need Miss Ali because most of this document is related to him because forecast And we also have a lot of comments from him, so it's better if he's on the call, yes?

11:38 - Unidentified Speaker Correct. I'll try to invite him.

11:40 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Well, let us continue now and inshallah during the discussion. I think all points are already available here in this document raised by Ali and by the team. All the points and comments and feedback is available here in this document. So that you can go ahead and review it together.

12:04 - Unidentified Speaker Sure. Again, a point from Arunkumar.

12:09 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Kindly brief us how effective this IVP is going to work in terms of inventory optimization, timely ordering, avoid excess ordering, avoid batch expiry, or how effective? Stock over ratio. This is more significant in designing this tool in this document. Currently, we are counseling the user to switch from manual demand input, for example, emails, memos, to initiate work order reservations. Further, if they start using the IBP to fill the demand inputs, whether they need to initiate again a work order reservation.

12:53 - Unidentified Speaker I have something to say here.

12:58 - Sergio Bastian Osorio Castro (ADNOC Group D&CS) So, yeah, this will be like, yeah, on a high level, how it's going to work. First, users will not need to collaborate or give a manual input for all the combinations, because the system will generate at least a baseline. Okay, on the top of that, and when needed, the users can make a correction.

13:33 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

13:34 - Sergio Bastian Osorio Castro (ADNOC Group D&CS) And reservation is still still based on work orders, they still will work, but not for reserved materials. I think that's what we have. I think at in a couple of months, basically, that users in many cases use the work order to reserve material, but not because they need it. Indeed, because they think they will need it, and they start creating the reservations for that. So that step will be removed. So instead of that, we will generate an optimized safety stock, and only when the works need the creation of of a work order, they will have to proceed, but not for forecast duration or safety stock reservation. So work order only when you will perform any type of work, but not for reservation without having a clear purpose of that material, not just to save yourself in case of anything happened. No, that will be managed through, again, stock policies, inventory policies and the generation of the median and long-term forecast. So again, it's a more proactive approach.

14:53 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Normally, why we mention this comment is like in catalyst, it is used only during the shutdown, maybe an early shutdown or on two-year swings or four-year swings. So those type of material, it will not come under stock category, like we will not keep keep in warehouse stock. So those are procured mainly for the shut down activities. How to capture those items then? Because by reading the document we are not understanding how to segregate the items.

15:33 - Sergio Bastian Osorio Castro (ADNOC Group D&CS) So the explanation that I gave was for consumptions related to prevent and corrective maintenance. For shutdown or turnover, that's a different story. In that case, there is no way that the system will forecast that. So in that case, we need the work orders well ahead of time so we can generate then the PR and subsequently the PO.

16:02 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) What are the procedures you are telling? This has to be captured in this document. Your understanding It is fine, it is with you, but maybe others will not understand that way.

16:16 - Sergio Bastian Osorio Castro (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, I think we can be more explicit on that. Yeah, we can be more explicit on that. This document referred mainly to the preventive and corrective and make a section for.

16:30 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Sorry to interrupt you. We are reviewing the chemicals process, right? So from a chemicals perspective, the document on the process we have discussed is that the planning happens manually, and we are using IVP tool to consolidate all the demand for chemicals. So from that chemicals perspective, Arunkumar, correct me if I'm wrong, that we are taking demand for chemicals which are used for operations. Now, what you are seeing is some chemicals are used during turnaround, and you need to identify how those chemicals which are used during turnaround are identified separately in the process.

17:09 - Unidentified Speaker Is this correct?

17:10 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Rahul, how this document is prepared? This document is prepared. Even in some of my comments I mentioned what is the plan for the, I mean, demand planning and the regularly maintained item, no? So, how we are going to differentiate?

17:26 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So, we are not talking about maintenance, right? Arunkumar, we are talking about the chemicals, materials used in the office.

17:33 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) under reorder point best planning now? Yes. So how this IVP is going to handle the demand planning? Or whether the demand planning is applicable for those items or not?

17:43 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So the way we have said is that demand planning is applicable for all the multiple Zchem and Zcash category which was given as multiple types which were given to us. So these multiple types are essentially the chemicals which were used for the during the operations, correct? So for all the multiple which are part of this multi-type ZKM and ZCAT are planned. So currently the process of planning is there are two set of process in planning. One involves manual excel sheets and memos where they tell you what is the requirement for future one to three years. And the other is based upon the historical consumption you set the reorder points and then based upon the reorder points the replenishment. Now it was discussed during the sessions of chemicals as it's a 2P session, that we will consolidate to have a common process for planning of chemicals, where the demand input would be received in terms of IDP by end users, where they will indicate what is the consumption requirement for next one to three years. Will support them with the, based upon historical consumption, what is the forecast for next three to five years. And then that forecast would be reviewed by operations planner to make sure that I can see what type of items IBP will handle. IPP. And ZCAT multi types will be handled by chemicals.

19:08 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

19:09 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Currently there is two inventory types what we are mainly using.

19:15 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 What do you mean by inventory type?

19:19 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) See from the beginning we are telling the same He explains the procedure as per the current scenario, which is the MRP type Z1 and no.

19:32 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, so the MRP types. So you're talking about MRP types, not inventory. We've told right the one of the primary requirement of AdNoc is not to use SAP S4 HANA for MRP planning. Yes, yes, let me explain. So what I'm saying is MRP type what you're having today in S4 HANA. These are the S4 HANA MRP type. If we are using IBP for planning, IBP needs demand. Based upon demand, IBP will create inventory parameters. And those inventory parameters will be used in supply planning to use reorder point planning or advanced supply planning. So the MRP type in S4 HANA are not same as what you do supply planning in IBP. Is a completely different process. That's what we were telling from the workshop as well that while we will. That is captured right that we will have in the document we are talking about demand only. So here we are telling that how demand will get captured as part of supply planning. We will talk about it, how the supply planning will happen, whether it will happen beyond the point planning, whether it will happen at one supply planning and then the advanced algorithms of constraints of supply planning would be used. Document only talks about how we catch the demand of chemicals and not how we replace the demand of the chemicals.

20:57 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Now what would you like to add in this document in order to be satisfied here? Just tell us what do we need to add here? I mentioned this.

21:08 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) I mentioned mentioned OK.

21:09 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I totally agree with your comments.

21:12 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Whatever they're telling through. I mean the meetings don't let them record in the document.

21:18 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yes, okay, you are right. Please, Arun, try to mention that comment which was already raised by Arun in this document clearly.

21:26 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, so we've replied, Arun, wherever the Arun comment was with respect to the MRP types, we have replied that the MRP types will be part of supply planning, where we will identify whether...

21:39 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) See, Rahul, why I am precisely asking so many questions? End user, they'll eat my head. After this for a lot of people, they're asking how to raise any PR or AMR. So now if I'm introducing this IPP tool, these people know the planning people or the process people. I have to support them from day one today and

22:01 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Agreed agreed so so I don't one of the basic differences today you are raising PR or AMR to to currently I use up if it is that one.

22:12 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) It is inventory of managed items. If it is PD, it is related to work order based items. So so all of us are changing to some other thing now. The document should be clear now because in future somebody will ask where is this document again? I have to share this kind of documents. Because you're not pulling any other people for this workshop or the planner or not. Process or not the operations. Correct, uh, and even for this document sign off, we have mentioned a comment to include the operations.

22:46 - Unidentified Speaker Also, I recommend operation.

22:47 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) We have a separate meeting with the operation team already. We agreed. So that there should be part of this. There should be part of this document. Yes, you're right from from our side because most of the team here are from the inventory perspective. From our side we'll put our comment and we'll provide the conditional approval so that after that we need to have alignment with the operation with the team we let them review the document because the demand mainly with the end user everything with demand the end user activities this one from our side let's us go through our we'll put our comment we'll put let us agree here your point and the team here is valid I reviewed all this point and from my side so that I also communicate and confirm with the consulting here, everything to be captured in this document. We will not go ahead with any sign up unless all the people here on all the team here are satisfied. This is the chemical process team. It's very crucial. That's the MRO chemical. Any missing, anything that will be here, it will be tomorrow. They will come to ask the end user. This is the demand for the end user. I agree with you. We'll go back to the end user. We'll take the alignment to the end user, the end user. We have this document from our as inventory we review everything all points are reviewed all comments are captured here so that we need your alignment now are you agree with this process yes yes that if he accept agree tell us we'll proceed we'll move forward so that now Aru Kumar your point here and you would like to add anything in your comment here Aru Kumar for the first point maybe in the process information we have to I mean

24:24 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) brief what will be the advantage of using the IPP tool so how it is going to support us in the inventory optimization or the company MRO stock cover. So those points it should be covered in the first process informations.

24:42 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Can you start with any introduction for example here to brief any for this command that this IPB will be the benefits and the benefits.

24:57 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) I know I'm I think it would be much better for example you present the current scenario what we are practicing now we are now like we are doing our current activity by MRP type Z1 or PD. If you like present this and what are the changes going to be in IBP so that we know what is the existing scenario and what will the scenario will be in IBP. I think if you mention it here it will be much better for the team to get more understand. What are the changes going to be?

25:54 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) We did similar for the maintenance. Created with created one sheet. So for our chemicals also you want to align with with them like we're having in a chemical process. You have the as is document.

26:07 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

26:08 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So so asthma or sorry Aysha, what we can do is what Khalid mentioned. We can prepare a separate document so the scope of this document is not to cover what is the current process. What are the

26:22 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) Yeah, let's highlight what are the change is going to be in the current scenario? Yeah, change management document. That's correct. Yeah. Like, for example, in the terms of what, now we are focusing more on planned on demand and regular replenishment or MRP type. So in IBB, you told me, you know, we will focus more on demand and supply. So we mentioned these things so that we will focus more and we will get more understanding. Right, right, right. Because if you see most the comments. It's about the MRP area, MRP type inventory material type. This is the confusion.

27:01 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 OK. This is the confusion.

27:03 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) So I got I got your point.

27:06 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So I think what we can do is the way we prepared a document for MRO, we can prepare a similar change document for. For chemicals as well, so that if we can get an input from the team what is the address process, we can identify the changes in the address process. But the point I'm trying to make here is that the document what we are sharing is the BPD document for IBP, and it outlines the processes in IBP. So if we are aligned on the process of IBP, we can prepare a separate document which is highlighting the changes between current address process and to-be process so that the communication or the discussion with any other can happen in

27:50 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) way I think it will be much better because if you see most of the comments yeah if you focus the comments they are asking about our existing practice and what is the change we are like focusing more on what we are doing now and how it's like gonna be changed this is most of the comments if you present this is very good yeah absolutely I mean and it's part of our change management so the change impact assessment those

28:18 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) documents as Rahul mentioned based on the different workshops we had on the design of the solution so the 2B we're briefing now we're providing so purpose of DRD and BPD is to show the future process the flows etc but definitely we're happy I mean it's part of what we're preparing but it's coming next so we'll expedite this to show before and after let's call it as such as Khalid and Rahul mentioned we did this for the MRO to clarify that point and we'll do the same here. I think Akhali has his hand raised.

28:57 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) So the before and after will be demonstrated with the real data what we have now. Document you can write whatever you want that's okay no problem.

29:14 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) the after will be on the system so Jaganath as we discussed before so the after will definitely be on the system that's why we're trying to finish the design or get this done yeah that's correct that's correct so how

29:28 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) to say that the after will be optimizing my inventory are you be sure on that or it will reduce my my manual activities or it will definitely it's going to reduce my inventory on ground and also it is going to be give a better planning and also it is going to decide I mean I mean review my levels and then put the optimized levels this will be proved based on our real data or it will be on the

29:58 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) documents only. Now the documents will explain then as we move to as you said testing on the new system we will have previous information and I'll let Rahul, Kunal, Hector, Bastian explain further we will have previous information or consumption with the current plan and we part of also the this project before go live and after is to monitor and see how the solution is performing and fine-tuning but so definitely you'll be able to check how the improvement is that's part

30:31 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Of the scope now how it's done after that no no wait sir not after the go live I don't want to see performance after the go live. We wanted to see what what it is going to give me. Before go live I want to see the advantages. I don't know, maybe if anybody has any other opinion, please share here.

30:53 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) So you want to see the inventory optimized before the go live?

30:57 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) Yes, of course I want to see. For example, we will take like some materials. We will see how yeah, well, how we are doing. I just want to understand how it's going to be like, let's say MRO and everything.

31:11 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) If the system doesn't go live, how are you going to optimize it?

31:15 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) I have a system already, S4 HANA. Why I need IBP? Because I know this has some advantages. Before seeing the advantages, how can I give go signal for go live? Because I need to do a lot of data correction, which is supposed to come from IBP proposal, not after the go live. Before go live, I need to correct my data. And also I do test my systems I mean the data with the IBP to make sure ensure that okay it is going to propose to optimize the inventory levels okay apart from the current one then only I can approve

31:50 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) no what do you mean by up to go live. Yeah especially this forecast especially this for forecast concept in chemicals not applicable for all group companies so we want to see this as a test before we go live.

32:03 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So, Jaganath, what will happen is right now we are defining the system design. Now we need confirmation from you that can we proceed with this. As we proceed, we configure the system. In the next step, we will have the testing with the data from AdNoc and we will demonstrate with AdNoc data how the system is working. It's still in the test environment with test data, which means it's not looking at all which we have an ad hoc. But then this in the testing phase will be able to demonstrate the functionality of the system. With limited set of data, we can compare what's there in in S4 HANA and what's IBP is proposing for the limited set of data will not be able to do it for all data. Once you get confirmed, once you get this confidence on limited set of data in testing on IBP, we will have to decide a strategy on how the changes will impact on production. That would be something part of the cutoff strategy because we are having six months of period to fine tune the system after we implement into production, which means that we'll have to define a strategy together. That after we go live, probably the first step would be for you to review everything in production, comparing with what's there in S4 HANA and what's IBP is proposing. So we may have a plan where after go live, we review everything with production data and then take the decision on making that change in applicable in S4 HANA in terms of PR and PO. So that's something we'll follow as part of the project. So to summarize, today we are doing design. Today we do not have your data, but we have to agree on the design based upon the discussions what we have had. Once the design is agreed upon, we will go into build phase. We will configure IDP based upon your requirement. When we configure with your data, we will demonstrate how IBP is able to perform to what we said in the design document. If there are any changes, we can make those few changes during the build so that it is in line with what your requirement is. And once you see confidence, we will move to the production and then do the next planning production. That's how. So it's not that you will not be able to review anything and you will be able to analyze everything only in the production. You will have ability to look at the tool, see the outcome, evaluate the outcome with S4 HANA with limited set of data and testing, and then based upon that we will have a plan to migrate the solution in production.

34:31 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) But what do you mean by limited set of data Rahul? See you mean to say we cannot bring every data and then do the thorough analysis. We just put some samples and then we'll take green signal. Then you go like so it will not happen.

34:46 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 When I say limited set of data, you will not have ability to say. If there are millions of records in production, probably you will not have time.

34:55 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) Sorry, sorry. Two gentlemen have been waiting and we we need to let Ali and and Abdulrahman talk first in case they have a clarification and then we'll continue because they've been waiting and they raised their hands. Please let's just check the report.

35:10 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yes, we want someone to take the terms so we don't miss the point. You are discussing something, then you move to another point. Our questions, okay? So I'll be waiting there.

35:24 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) I'll say there is somebody already raised the hand before me. Now, just to have common understanding between the team, I mean, Adnok team and the KPMG team. First, based on the comment from Arun As I understand from the beginning that in chemical planning we have two scenarios. We have chemical which is currently the forecast and demand consumption everything is being done manually. We have another scenario for chemical which have reorder point and minimum and maximum already set in the ERP system. Now for the chemical which have minimum and maximum, it was said that it will be, the plan for it, it will be same like MRO, because this is part of MRO also. For chemical which is, which is the bulk is handled manually, that need to be automated in the system. First we have to that this understanding is right or not. Second point which is very important and I think everybody was talking about it and we said this from the day one that what added value this new system will add for the inventory. All the point which mentioned by Arunkumar and also the point Jaganath has mentioned are very crucial. Now we are using current system, what added value? In saving time, in optimizing stock, we don't want to use new system and then that result in inflating our stock. So how this system will help in saving time, how the system will help in optimizing the stock, in being more vigilant and this point have to be very clear for everybody. What advantage and that the point which was raised from the beginning that okay now we are using certain system what added value will add to us the system you give us comparison. Don't say after implementation because after implementation it is too late then we will be spending because we want to start from the beginning correctly.

38:07 - Unidentified Speaker Valid point.

38:08 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) I think what we'll do is let us suggest what can be done during the build, which is why we're saying we'd like to close design to move to build during build during testing. At that time we will have your data. I think someone asked about why representative data? Because again, during test we need to pick some area to focus on. It cannot be everything. Everything will take months to check everything. So we'll agree with you what could be subject or areas of focus. So let us get back on what can be done before Go Live during the testing, during UAT, user acceptance testing also, during cutover before Go Live versus things that will happen after Go Live because of the nature of continuous improvement. But we got your point. You want the first comfort that there is the the real improvement and also you need to uh understand from us that post go live we have six months for continuance fine tuning because this is how the tool works it lives on data it collects data and continuously improves but let us so in order to cover this point now the the current design discussion we we took note of this uh we'll we'll propose something so that you're also comfortable with how the tool is going live based on what.

39:35 - Unidentified Speaker Sorry, Abdurrahman.

39:36 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) No, no, just I will add to Mr. Ali point, okay? Regarding the, you are now doing the procedure, let's say design or guideline for the business, then you will go for the stage how it will be implemented, okay? Take some samples and like this. So if we will continue, if we will continue by this two steps, I feel it will not fit correctly because at least we need to understand the business work nature. I will give you example.

40:11 - Unidentified Speaker Okay. Mr.

40:12 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Ali, you mentioned we have two way to replenish our stock. One of them, which is the program planned delivery, which will be in one quarter. Okay. There's a requirement. We will review and make for them the PR, PO, etc. And we have the normal ROP max, MRP level. For MRP level right now, if it's come below ROP, the system will pop up the PR. From our side, we are doing the analysis to see the historical movement. And based on historical movement, look this one it's have a low consumption or have high consumption and according to that we will adjust the MRP level okay this is what we are doing as an inventory now but the point

41:05 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 is the system going to replace this one or not this is what we want to know the new system will do this analysis and give the forecast so yeah so the system So to answer both Ali's point and Abdulrahman, your point, we agree there are two processes for chemical planning. And the system covers both the processes, which means whenever there is a manual demand input, which will be automated by IVP to propose forecast, and then planners can provide their confirmation. So that this input can be taken, and that input would be used for supply planning. Where there is a reorder point-based planning, system will calculate reorder point based upon the historical consumption. So based upon the historical consumption, whatever you're doing manually today, it would be automated by system, which means that system continuously monitors the consumption which is happening.

42:07 - Unidentified Speaker OK. Here's my point.

42:09 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Sorry to interrupt. Here's my point. If system will do this one automatically, Then there is a big chance to do some mistakes. Because I told you, we do the analysis. But again, we reconfirm with the user. Because maybe this consumption happened due to delay in maintenance or something else, et cetera. There is huge consumption for some certain reason. It is not normal, regular consumption.

42:38 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So that type of analysis, how system Yes, so there are two different ways of having this. If you look at the process, there is something called outlier detection. So as part of demand classification, when we are looking at historical consumption, there is a process of outlier detection where a system determines unusual consumption in a specific period. It highlights that so that user knows that there is something unusual happening. And that confirmation user has to still do with the end user so that whatever current process you are following will continue, but system will highlight such unusual consumption changes so that you know that something is going different than normal. Also, the parameters which are proposed by system are proposal, which means users are supposed to review proposal from system and not blindly determined on system. And once user review agrees to it, then it gets part of the supply planning process.

43:37 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) we are not going for automated. Again, we are doing the same.

43:42 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I disagree there because system is providing you all this input and you are spending time to make sure that whatever is, you are not spending time in creating forecast, you are not spending time in determining what is my historical conundrum. System is giving that input to you and you are focusing only your time on the of exceptions which system has proposed so that you can optimize the system further?

44:11 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Who said? Who said? We have now the system giving us all the data. So while reviewing the PRs, we can check if this material has high movement or low movement. And I can see if there is any jump or something in the consumption. This is the reason why we are coming back to the user and reconfiguring. So still, I am not having a confident how the system will determine if this needs to be changed. And if it's to be changed, he will do this action by itself. If you told me it will go again to the end user to reconfirm it, so we are turning back to the same loop. So at this point of time, I can say This is the reason why I'm telling you going to the design phase at the beginning or making the business design right now, then we go for the live action to see how to generate or how the system is working. I feel it's not the right way.

45:22 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) Sorry to interrupt, but during the design phase we had also a couple of on how the system will behave or will work. No, but demo based on Buruj, WorkNature, or different… On Buruj, WorkNature, but on sample data, because again, to get to your data, we need to get the design, there's a design board that reviews design, then will give us access to your full data so we can move to show you on the system how it works. So this is why we're explaining at this phase, we're not saying trust us, and we'll go live immediately after this phase, this is the design, the concept, just like when you're building a building, you agree on the architecture, the blueprint, the overall, and then as we move to build, we'll say now that we agreed on the basics, before we agree where the pillars are the key things, the overall design or direction, then we're move to the next phase, our approach is to involve you as we build to get all the, one, for you to see the data, you see how the tool works, two, because there are certain parameters we need to agree with you on in terms of the frequency of certain cycles or certain activities, also in terms of segmentation results, and then you will also see what are the things you need to approve or the things that could be automatically approved by the system and what does it mean. The challenge is there is so much we can show now before we move to the actual solution, because in order to do this with your data, per the sequence and approval cycle within AdNoc also, the design should be approved. They want to see what are we configuring to get access to the data. That's why we're saying don't trust us blindly. Tell us that you're okay with design and then the next step you'll see your data on the new system and you would say we used to do this now we're doing this okay we understand but what about so that all that simulation will come next before we even think about going live.

47:34 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Okay Mohammed I agree with you design should be started then we can go for the test but my idea and also most of the team were asking the same question if I put our current process and your proposed process, okay, side by side. Here I can see if I will get any benefit or not. Here I can see if there is any gap or there is no gap. So if I'm designing something without looking to the new system, how it is working, how I can clarify here we need some adjustment, here we need to, you understand me?

48:13 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

48:13 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) So here's the confusing for us.

48:15 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) And that's why I said, let us suggest what we can do as early as we start to build how we can show you your current data or the current basically what you do and tool so that you can get this comfort and see the benefits. So I think I mentioned the same and I confirmed, yes, this is not it. Let us propose something. We'll tell you this is what we can do. Based on the next activities and the timeline, et cetera.

48:45 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yes, we can take this. I think our PBS, they can provide you with some data. And based on this data, you can build some examples.

48:57 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Again, here, Mohamed, the team would like to see the demo for that one. But again, Abdurrahman, I think you have valid points so that that at this stage, they want to hear to put your suggestion and feedback and during the designing stage, everyone will be involved during the design stage so that in that one, we'll have multiple scenarios. We'll see, because the chemicals is different between company and another. Agnico insurer and offshore, they are utilising many well. Agnico gas, they are utilising historical data. Bruges, they have another system. So that we'll have multiple scenarios before any signups during the testing stage. We'll invite you and your team. You need to test the system. You need to say, yes, we agree on this. We don't agree with that. Yes, it has this step. No, we agree on that step. At the end, we'll gather all, what I mean, proposed ideas, suggestions, everything, and we'll move forward for the final sign off and implementation. Before that one, I'm the owner for sign off. I will not sign anything unless the end user for the chemicals accept during the testing stage. I know the chemicals. I know the crucial of the chemicals. We have multiple scenarios. We have a lot of the materials are not the same. So that, just now, what we need from you from your side, Abdurrahman. Put your feedback, we will mention it here in this document. And inshallah, during the upcoming stage or upcoming design or desktop, we'll consider your point, inshallah. So that now, Abdurrahman, your point here, we would like to see multiple scenarios based on the material type, right?

50:57 - Unidentified Speaker Abdurrahman?

50:58 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yes, yes. On what we are doing currently. Same what we discussed, we have two main types of ordering for the material, which is the normal plant and which by system MRP calculation.

51:13 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Can you please, Rahul, capture this point? The team here, this is project team. This is the point from the project team would like to see a demo, multiple scenarios, based on the nature of frozen line items?

51:31 - Unidentified Speaker Yes, Abdulrahman.

51:31 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Also, in our reply, we have mentioned some areas which need to be, we need more further understanding about, like for example, VMI. We have some material with VMI, how it will be captured. And so on this one, the reply should stand by the vendor.

51:55 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think role of VMI and agreement supply I think.

51:59 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, so during the supply discussion we discussed about the VMI requirement of the remand. So and we understand that the VMI what you have is for the raw material so that the vendor carries the raw material with him and then based upon the order which Adnok provides he the VMI is not for the finished material which is provided by the vendor, but for the raw materials, correct?

52:26 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yes, yes, for raw material, not for finished goods.

52:29 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, yeah, so and it was discussed that we don't need visibility of raw materials of the finished goods in IBP, but then we need to know that we need to make sure that the lead times are correctly maintained considering that vendor is carrying raw material, which means he can have reduced lead time for supplying of finished goods and times are correctly captured during supply planning so that we plan the material appropriately. That was a discussion during the workshop in supply planning.

52:59 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yeah, lead time, it's not for raw material, for processed chemicals, huh? For the finished goods, right?

53:05 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Whatever finished goods, the chemicals we are buying from the vendor, considering that the vendor carries the raw material with him, which means he can supply the material faster, which means the lead times are reduced for planning the finished foods. And again, it is part of the supply discussion what we discussed. The current discussion agenda is only on demand. This document is how we capture the demand. And then we will have a separate session on how we fulfill the demand as part of the supply Now, are you okay, Abdurrahman?

53:47 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I would like to add anything from your side. Your point will be captured by the KBMG team here. And inshallah, I think your point valid for all. Not all, I think for the bridge. I think this board already we discussed and we raised it at the beginning of this task. They want to see multiple scenarios. I think we have multiple workshops have been conducted with the team here and with the bridge team. Also, they are invited and they are participate in that workshop. Whereas the same, they want to see the multiple scenarios. I think as explained by Mohamed Noumani here, that after the configuration of the system to start the designing, they will have, I think, correct data. They can capture the information and materials so that we can see the multiple scenarios. So that during this stage, we will see now how the IBP system will add value during the or the designing stage. We'll have multiple scenarios. At the end, we'll let us agree and we'll be satisfied that, oh, yes, the IPB will add value, so let's continue with the sign-off and the implementation.

54:55 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Yes. Only my point now, since we are in design phase, okay, there should be no restriction to make some test run. This is the idea. This test, it's like a drawing Then by I'm not talking about test run for system. At least how the designers will be run. The workflow should be very clear. Then we can. We can give some comment there.

55:22 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yeah, you made the workflow delegation for 30 here. The workflows mean delegation for 30 or what exactly?

55:29 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) The process, the process workflow, how it will move, not delegation for 30.

55:35 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yes, yes, yes. I think during the configuration designing, you will see everything with your eyes. So that you will see the workload, you will see how the SAP IP capture the data, how can the segmentation, classification, and everything it will be. And also in this document, we have a workflow also. Maybe you will see it. Inshallah, we'll discuss it down. I think in page number six, we have the workflow. So I think let's move forward, I think, Abdurrahman. Yeah, it's OK. The document is already the workflow process. Already captured in this document so that let us move forward. We'll discuss it. Go ahead. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we need. We need just extra explanation there. So that now for this point, are you would like to add anything on this comment? Will consider that this result. Fine, Sir, this is clear.

56:35 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) My ask is very simple in the document. They have to mention what are the features of this. That's it. I'm just trying to support them good way.

56:49 - Unidentified Speaker That's it. Not at all.

56:51 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Can you please capture that one and reply to this point here if you want?

56:56 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) These are mentioned Arun and team and the BRD. So BRD refers to what are the features. Shows the new process and how it's supported by the solution. Unless I missed your point, Arun. Rahul and Tim, if you'd like to elaborate.

57:12 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, that's correct. So this is BP document which details the process and how we are going to execute. The BRD document for chemicals has all the chemical requirements and then how IBP is trying to, it summarizes the benefits of the tool. As a summary, and then explains for every requirement how IGP will solve that requirement. And in this document, the intention is not to summarize or give benefits of the tool, but to go through the details of the process, which is discussed during the workshops. So Arunkumar, can you have a look at the BID document as well for chemicals? And if there is any feedback on the features of the tool, we can incorporate that further. In this document we would like to focus on the details of the process which is to be processed.

58:05 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Just apply to then to this point. I mentioned that this already captured in the BRD document as a reply here for this.

58:13 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) I'm just so happy that the BRD online you can mention this. What are the benefits we are going to get in IBD?

58:22 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 This has been shown in the BRD document. Yeah, the BRD and the appendix everyone. So when you look at it you will see the benefits of IBP. At the end of this document. Shall I go to that will be replied to this comment? I don't have to discuss now that in BRD and will profit.

58:44 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Can you share also the BRD document so everybody can review it?

58:49 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, here it is. I think that we are. It's shared with the team, Kunal. So we will align how the document can be sent. But BRD is also sent to the team. We are also getting feedback on BRD from the team.

59:10 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

59:10 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Kunal, the team can review the BRD. Let's continue with the VPD. Then the team can review it after.

59:21 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, so let us move to the next point. That is also from Arunkumar. Which are not falling under regularly replenish item or the item stock are not monitored by the inventory team. So it is more of an operational support.

59:41 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I think we discussed this point as well, correct? Just now. That the planning in IVP IVP is not on that one or PD type but on reorder point and advanced supply planning and we also confirm that both the processes of IVP. Rahul, whatever you are telling just mention in the document.

1:00:02 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Okay. Everyone can understand this. Okay. It is not Arun Kumar division. Maybe next year I may not be there in this team. Maybe somebody will read this document. Agreed. We will read the document but I just want to update. Understanding in the first read that's it.

1:00:19 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Got it so I agree we will update the comment, but I just want to agree before we put a comment that this is what we discussed and we're aligned correct and I'll put the comments.

1:00:30 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) See wherever it is required to capture in the document, no capture it. It is not necessary not to give a reply to my query.

1:00:38 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I agree, I agree. So we will. We will. I agree we will make sure that the replies are updated in the document so for everyone to understand.

1:00:46 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yeah, hello that he would like to see it. You see your reply not in the comment. They want to see it in the document itself. So that's any whatever you mentioned. I think we have a reply from Hamid Farouk. Mention it here and also in the document. Yes, I mean maybe you have some. Thank you also Hamid Farouk for 40. I think he replied most of the comments here, but the team here would like to see it again.

1:01:14 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, for this one I think we have a lot. Yes, go ahead. Yeah, so yeah, so I agree if if the comment says that we're going to update the document and update is required for sure. Yes, but if it's just a clarification and should not come in the Content then we will not end in the content, right?

1:01:34 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) It is not a clarification. The thing is, we are not understanding from the from the document. So somebody is written the document. Or not it is not covered these topics, so we are asking this in our comment section, it is relevant including the document that is all.

1:01:54 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Yeah the meaning the meaning need to be reflected in the document, so again you will not have For example, here I will mention Zed Kim and Zed Kat. Someone here raised that one. Maybe this is my comment. All chemicals under Zed Kat, you mentioned it here, both sides. So also for the Aru Kumar and the team here, mention it. Do paraphrase for that one, and instead of this word, put your reply in the document. They want to see it. And rather than to have the same question as mentioned by Ali, they will still asking the end user. Just capture it, update that document, forward it to us, for final review and we'll proceed.

1:02:39 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) Whatever example or clarification it can be added as an example.

1:02:44 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) You can put an index also if someone if something and it is only an explanation elaboration the same point you can put an index too for anybody can go and refer me. As an attachment to the document.

1:03:04 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, very valid, like FAQs at the end or key points. Yeah, just further clarification. This way, whatever we capture team in the comments can be like at the end as a summary. Fair enough.

1:03:20 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) No, some wherever point need to be changed in the document or on the document itself, then update to the document. Yeah, if it is only elaboration or general explanation, the meaning in the document maybe is not clear and need to be, if possible, to update it in the document. Okay, but if you feel that it's too much, then you can make an index and add it as an attachment.

1:03:48 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, fair enough. If it's general, not specific to one paragraph or one sentence.

1:03:53 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, exactly. Fair enough. Thanks.

1:03:55 - Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement) In your other document, like inventory planning, you have a glossary table there. In this chemical, you don't put any glossary.

1:04:04 - Unidentified Speaker We have glossary, right?

1:04:06 - Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement) In other document, like the inventory planning document, I noticed you put glossary in this chemical. It's page number 6 glossary is there, right?

1:04:19 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Page number 6, can you go? There is a glossary.

1:04:24 - Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement) Yeah, you can put it here. Any any term or mapping additional that as explanations you can add up in in this table is it possible is it we can add uh yeah uh for the key terms for the key terms and uh specifically about also

1:04:45 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 the mrp types and why we're not taking into consideration the mrp types and the demand And the glossary. I don't know what that work for you.

1:05:01 - Unidentified Speaker I think you can.

1:05:04 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, I think this point we will update in the document as I mentioned, so let us move to the next point.

1:05:19 - Unidentified Speaker Hi Jonathan.

1:05:21 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) So this is from Hazart and Buruj. So majority of almost 80% of the roles in chemicals demand planning belongs to operation planner and operation manager who need to be taken on board in the process. So this is more of an information, so nothing to do with the UPD update.

1:05:41 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) So it is. This one while reviewing, we found majority of this actions are lying on operations so that at that time operation was not involving in the in the meeting so that and again here a am team to be involved here yes

1:06:04 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) to take the alignment yes yes operation operation yes operation sorry the operation So that we need to have a focal point, we need to communicate with them, let them review it. If they agreed, we can move forward.

1:06:22 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Because the most important thing is that Z-Chem category, Mr. Yaser, Z-Chem category will fall under two groups. One, the process chemical comes under directly the operation.

1:06:31 - Unidentified Speaker The laboratory chemical comes under the maintenance.

1:06:34 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think for the chemicals, you're not covered here, right, Khalid? The chemical industry is already allowed.

1:06:40 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I mean lab chemicals are not covered as per as per our description. We are focusing on the process.

1:06:47 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Lab chemical is coming under that come category material type.

1:06:51 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) So we think that chemical yes, let's go ahead.

1:06:55 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So when we are putting up data extractors will will align with the technical team on how to differentiate those and filter out those matters so that the right process chemicals are getting extracted to IBP.

1:07:09 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) this document mention a word this excludes laboratory chemicals and its spares.

1:07:14 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Okay noted.

1:07:15 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) I think the chemicals with levels will be excluded from this process yeah. Yes. Karun correct me.

1:07:22 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) This is a problem from the review of document everyone now we are going on an assumption because no other document is I mean defining with our regular the usage of wordings. So this we've noted this we will clarify this point regarding the level every week meeting this point I'm highlighting you're also noting this but no one is reflected in the document the design document. Even in your spreadsheet file even you used to maintain every end of each meeting no you used to not the same comment the terminology it has to be captured in the document but the existing terminology nowhere it is reflected

1:08:14 - Unidentified Speaker in the document. Okay noted so we'll proceed now.

1:08:19 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah let us move to the next point from Yaser all chemicals and their material types are So this is already updated.

1:08:32 - Unidentified Speaker I'm on the property.

1:08:35 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) And we have also another further questions by our Kumar regarding the same.

1:08:42 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Please bring the same thing we just discussed.

1:08:47 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, it's the same. Yeah.

1:08:50 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) How come are you OK now for your comment? Yes, OK, go ahead. Now, with Ali, he mentioned by end user. Yes, I agree with him, by end user.

1:09:05 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Both are met with the end user process maps. End user will provide forecast for new material via IVP Excel template. So this is what the new material introduction, where the solution, which we have discussed for the MRO, the four different options, So here, we have discussed and agreed that end user will provide the forecast and the planning views directly in the IVP. So that is the point which we are referring here, based on our last discussion on Thursday.

1:09:44 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) This is for the newly created items, right? Yeah, newly created item for the chemicals.

1:09:51 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, so for the newly created item, items we discussed, right, that if the reference model is not available, NUDL will provide the forecast for the newly created model. So we have two options, either to input a reference model. If reference model cannot be inputted, then directly input the forecast.

1:10:11 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think I saw this, some comment, I think, maybe down, regarding the same here, maybe by Mr. Hajaratkhan or by the team. We'll see it down. He mentioned something about this and we'll see it down. Now go ahead.

1:10:28 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, let us go to this one. Please. Please detail in the document what type of MRP type to be maintained for the new item code creation as this is important to decide which item fall under demand planning. That means without levels and which will be under entry planning with levels. So on S-400, the MRP type will be external planning for all material that will be planned in IBP. In IBP supply planning, IBP will determine the correct planning type, advanced supply planning or reorder planning. So still it is not, answer is not clear. So that we need to address with the MRP type. Mamath Thakuri, so this we need to specify. So that answer is. I think, I don't.

1:11:12 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) It is a new item for creation. What are the MDGs? Parameters you have to maintain, you just brief in this document.

1:11:22 - Unidentified Speaker Yes.

1:11:23 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So basically, the MRP type will no longer be BD. So what will be, what will change is exactly what we're mentioning. So when you're creating the material and the MRP type field, it will be now external planning. So what this means is that all materials that will be considered for IBP will have the external planning type. So from an S4 perspective, those are not planned by S4 HANA MRP. So the MRP type for all the material has to be external planning, which means that S4 HANA is not planning material. Which is an external tool, is planning this material.

1:12:11 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) But it is not captured anywhere in the document at all.

1:12:16 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I am adding this comment in the glossary. So it was not mentioned in the document because from a demand perspective, this is replenishment strategy. When you say MRP type, this is part of the supply planning from IVP. Well, how are we fulfilling the material which is the demand so here it this document focuses on the demand and not how the demand is fulfilled so that's why it was not mentioned so we'll add this in glossary to

1:12:55 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) be clarifying here but then details of this would be in the supply planning document so maybe here as a no note moment for free.

1:13:08 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) We can mention the reference putting in the glossary mentioned here itself.

1:13:14 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 No, what is the problem?

1:13:17 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah, it is. It is added now.

1:13:21 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Does it define the existing and what is the new parameter we have to follow?

1:13:29 - Unidentified Speaker You added.

1:13:30 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 We've added probably if you refresh this, But yeah, we've added here only.

1:13:36 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, I wrote it down so this will update later on. Let us move to the next point from any moment.

1:13:44 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think it is for this point. Also have a question from from just go from Amran. He mentioned here in the chat box. How is the interface between MDG and this tool since the new material created and Rob? Are updated and updated This is in the chat box by Amran. Amran, can you please open the mic and go ahead?

1:14:09 - Imran Khan Aejaz Khan (Borouge) Yeah, normally while creating the material, the end-user, they request through MDG. With the initial planning, how much material they require, and ROP, all are being updated by end-user. And they just go through MDG. From cataloging, they create the material. And the inventory, they update the MRP controls. How it will be linked? This tool? That's the question.

1:14:33 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So for IVP, we need first material in S4 HANA before it can come into IVP because IVP depends on S4 HANA for MOSFET, which means that your current MDG process will go ahead and create the material. Once the material is created in S4 HANA for MDG, it will be expected on IVP and then IBP based upon the forecast in the inventory planning process will propose the new parameters. If those new parameters are same as what created at the time of MDG, then there will be no change. But if there are change, then those parameters based on IBP would be recommended for inventory planner to review and change.

1:15:21 - Imran Khan Aejaz Khan (Borouge) So you mean to say this will automatically detect and then it will be before creating the SAP number, it will be reviewed with the end user too?

1:15:32 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 No, so the current process of MDT, IBP cannot work if there is no material number available. So IBP needs a material code from S4 HANA before it can do anything about it. So it's a primary field for IBP, which means that first material code has to be created in a for HANA through the current process. And once the material code is available, IDP can optimize the parameter.

1:16:04 - Imran Khan Aejaz Khan (Borouge) So it means that after creation of the material, then only the IDP will give the trigger, right?

1:16:13 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) This is what you're saying. Correct. Correct. So Rahul, while reviewing the MDG, I don't with any parameters for inventory?

1:16:23 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Oh, that can be a discussion which we need to conclude on what parameters to be set in MDG while creating material and what parameters should not be. Created in MDG, but yeah, we need to decide and discuss upon like what gets updated for sure.

1:16:43 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) Has to create material because we need a material code, but along with the material code, Before the item is created we have I have to like fill some parameters which is mrp type inventory type parameters and this so how can like yeah I mean how it will be like work together yes either I don't do and I will suggest then I will fill or it's why there's a need to be I think that's why we need to

1:17:12 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 have sorry I said we need to have this discussion where we need to align separate on what parameters should be updated in MDG and what parameters will get updated from IBP. I think we will not have this conversation to align upon at a parameter level what will go into MDG first. So I think this should be an open point for follow-up discussion. Yeah, okay, Rahul mentioned this in this document. Yeah, let's add this open point for follow-up discussion that what should be the MDG request for new materials and what parameters are to be updated.

1:17:53 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) Just to give a highlight how it's done right now. There is some parameters that's already set up in Excel file where end user will add the forecast. Based on this, the formula will which MRB type should be for this material. It's going in this way. Then, after he creates the material, he will send the submit for creation. It will go to all fields that will pass to inventory. Inventory will update the MRB type on these things. First, for sure, we'll review compared to other materials, see if it's right to keep at this type of MRP or not. So the idea now it's like this generated MRP. So there is a barometer, but it's maintained in Excel file.

1:18:54 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, noted. So probably we will consider this input for further this discussion on what parameters to be updated in MDG so that we can align that model creation process for MDG as well.

1:19:09 - Imran Khan Aejaz Khan (Borouge) Yes. This tool will be enhanced with the MDG, it will be better because it will be double job.

1:19:15 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 The only challenge here Imran is that we need MERTIL number to start with and the MERTIL number cannot be created unless the request is created in MDG. So we have kind of chicken and egg situation here where we need MERTIL number to do anything in IVP, but the MERTIL number itself needs some of the parameters to be created, which means we need to close on this discussion on what parameters would be updated when the material is created, and then what parameters would be updated by IBP once the material is available in IBP. That's something we need to have a separate conversation and resolve that process.

1:19:53 - Imran Khan Aejaz Khan (Borouge) Yeah, better to add in this document so that we can have it.

1:19:57 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, we've added it in the open point. We've added it as an open point because from an IBP perspective, the process of demand forecast does not change. But for sure, for you to even forecast demand, the multiple code creation process outside IBP will change. So we've taken the note of it as an open point, and we'll close that point as part of this discussion.

1:20:29 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:20:30 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) Let us move to the next slide. Early moment point for new chemical demand plan to be by end user at the beginning then after first quarter from the date of delivery it will be based on consumption in EU and user manual input. This is the way how process flow will behave. So after first quarter system will pick up the consumption history for the three months and then based on that system will propose the forecast for the new chemical material. Till the time end user will enter the demand plan in IPP directly as a manual input.

1:21:21 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, it could either be a manual input or it could be based on historic consumption. End user. Uh also for the for the new materials, it will be based on, uh, so it's the end user will have to, uh, manually select the reference. Material because, uh, that that was the agreement for chemicals. Specifically, uh, we want the end user to start specify what what the reference is and then after once we have enough consumption for the new material then the forecasting will be based on actual historical function If there is a

1:22:12 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) reference number if there is a similar chemical Exactly similar chemical, but in most of the chemical even if the application is the same But any new chemical is different from another chemical. Application may be same, but it's a different chemical. So we cannot only consider the historical. It has to be a new requirement. Correct. We agree, and that's where we have added this comment.

1:22:45 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So that if it is not, if the reference model cannot be identified, then NDSER will provide Based upon your feedback. Yeah. So this point is covered.

1:22:57 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) For the new camera here, because because some materials are consumed, not only after created that items, maybe we'll create that item that we ordered. We keep it in our store, but the consumption will be after 4 hours for years. For example. Maybe not the first one, overhaul, I'm sorry. So that I think you mentioned how can you the IPB can capture that when it will be best use you mentioned that based on the hysterical consumption here. Suppose that we have one material order and kept in our store with and the consumption after four years so that after four years it will be start the IPB to calculate the forecasting for this item?

1:23:44 - Kunal Sheth (ADNOC Group D&CS) For the same item yes it will be after four years. No, another item, not the same items. No, for the same item, if we have a reference material of the similar chemical characteristics, then it will try to read the historical data of the reference material and then it will forecast for the new material.

1:24:08 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) The forecast is based on the historical data or historical consumption. Correct, if now we have new material number created in the system and now the items already ordered and kept in our store, but the consumption after four years. So that now that mean how to be considered with no consumption of this item, right? And for somebody or what exactly?

1:24:33 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, and when you say that you have the stock of the new metal, how are you planning the stock of the new?

1:24:41 - Unidentified Speaker Yes. How?

1:24:43 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Because if you're planning stock of the new model, which means the new model should first come in IPP, we should create demand to even buy the stock. And once the demand is available, stock is available. You can consume as per your consumption plan, right?

1:25:00 - Unidentified Speaker OK. I like thank you.

1:25:02 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I like that because I think and what I understand from you that it will be once that item or the consumed so that SAP capture the historical consumption for that item, right?

1:25:14 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 No, so for for consumption to happen, we need to first forecast it and demand it, right? So so that is what Ali moments talking about it even before you start the new item. Manual input should be given for for first time procurement. So that's based upon the forecast you manual input. You will buy the material and then once the consumption happens, forecast will the consumption will drive the forecast for future periods. So first we need to forecast then consumption and then the new then the consumption will drive again the forecast for the future period.

1:25:55 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) When this supply planning requirements will occur for example I am creating a new item code and this item is required December 2025. So whether the system will alert me with when I should raise the PR?

1:26:13 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So it is part of same planning cycle. So if say for the month of December 2025 if you need a material and then you receive this input in say January 2025 which means that the forecast the demand will be updated in January 2025. In the month of January 2025 you will know that OK, based upon the lead time you need to raise a PR saying June considering there is a six months lead time. Then this information will be available the moment you create the forecast in demand.

1:26:51 - Unidentified Speaker The same month you will have the proposal for supply planning based on the lead times.

1:26:57 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) That's the time for recording. See while doing the codification, It is not necessary to give the forecast, correct?

1:27:06 - Unidentified Speaker In that case.

1:27:07 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 If you don't have forecast, then there will be no supply.

1:27:11 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Consider an item is a catalyst because catalyst normally it is not a frequently consuming item.

1:27:17 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

1:27:18 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So how to have this forecast?

1:27:20 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So if the if it is not frequently consumed, it will still have some consumption history and IBP will propose future forecast based upon that consumption history. Even if it is not frequent.

1:27:33 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So what forecast it will show I mean show us? Based upon what is the quantity or it will give us the schedule of planning?

1:27:41 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 It will give you quantity and the month in which it should be planned.

1:27:46 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So if I run a report on January that means in case if I want to raise the PR by March whether it will alert me to Yes.

1:27:58 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So if there is a new material, if it is a catalyst, if you're saying there is a material called catalyst, and it is having infrequent consumption, so based upon whatever consumption history it is having, IDP will propose a demand. And for that demand, it will propose a supply plan. And that would be in line with the lead time parameters you have entered, so that before the lead time, you get to raise the PR.

1:28:29 - Unidentified Speaker Can I ask a question here?

1:28:32 - Hector Palacios When we are talking about infrequent, what we are saying about infrequent is like once a year or are we talking about much more frequent than that? Who was asking the question about this?

1:28:55 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think your question regarding the frequency of the item.

1:29:00 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Alert us. Alert me to when I should raise the PR. That is me.

1:29:10 - Unidentified Speaker I don't.

1:29:11 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) It are my question is different and your answer is maybe related to Rahul or Kunal's explanation.

1:29:20 - Hector Palacios Yeah, but I seen that it's very important to understand the frequency, because depending on the frequency, maybe you want to trigger your PRs based on the forecast, or maybe you want to trigger your PRs based on a reorder point.

1:29:37 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) That's what I am asking. It's related to this? Gentlemen, I think, I feel there is some similarities between what you are planning to do for this Okay, and the MRP type P3 or P4, which is for timefence planning.

1:30:00 - Unidentified Speaker Planning timefence.

1:30:01 - Abdulrahman Al Meqbaali (Borouge) If you will allow me, I will share the screen quickly to show you what I mean here. Because this MRP within, for example, you give within this period, I want you to calculate for me if I need to deliver for forecasting, if I need how much PO I need, or how much PR I need. The system will calculate for you. Also, the system will show you if there is any postponement or preponement should be done for the deliveries. I will share in the chat.

1:30:46 - Unidentified Speaker Just to give an example.

1:30:52 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Kunal or Rahul, and there is one more scenario given in refining now there are some chemicals we are codifying for trial purpose maybe as part of qualifying the new manufacturer or identifying the equivalent manufacturer no so how to have this kind in the inventory parameters or the forecast for the new items see these items we will not know whether we are going to replenish or we initially as part of testing process we will be codifying those items.

1:31:37 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So Arun this was discussed in one of the sessions right where what was discussed for that if there is such trial chemicals then you use trial chemicals in production so that with the actual chemical which is getting replaced by this trial chemicals which is intended to be replaced by the trial chemical so you reduce the demand of the actual one and you increase the demand of this trial chemical so that you can use the trial chemicals probably say for three months, six months till you are confirmed that this is something which will.

1:32:14 - Unidentified Speaker Which can work for you, correct?

1:32:16 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Maybe correct or not 100% correct also, because sometimes no, even the trial it may get failed within the first month, so I cannot reduce the stock of the existing item number.

1:32:28 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So the same new material process has the feasibility of phase in, phase out, which means we can have a material which is new material, which is a trial material. And we can have an old material, which is supposed to get replaced, which is not replaced. And we can have demand for both old material and new material. And then based upon the trials, you can reduce the demand old material and you can reduce increase the demand for the new trial material and the system will allow you to do the forecasting for both the materials and then once the trial is complete you can then decide what percent gets allocated to old material what percent gets allocated to new material so this all that can be part of the new introduction new material introduction process.

1:33:19 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) See this temporary code what we are planning for the trial purpose it is maybe only to identify an additional manufacturer for the existing item number. Yeah, so nowhere in the consumption it will get increase or decrease. But then you you have this material code created, right?

1:33:36 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 You know currently it is a single source.

1:33:39 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) We do have a competitive tender and we are qualifying an additional manufacturer. Yes, instead of using the same item number, we are going from temporary item number only for the trial purpose.

1:33:51 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So currently we are codifying on a pdk category so so if if you have the stock levels yeah so if you if you have the material if you have the material created in s4 hana even if it is temporary material that material can come into ibp whatever requirement you have for this temporary material can be the demand for that material so that the demand or the forecast whether it is mandatory requirement for coding When you say codifying, what

1:34:22 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) do you mean by codifying? For the new item introduction.

1:34:26 - Unidentified Speaker See.

1:34:26 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Demand is required for for you to procure. Or do the supply planning. If there is no demand, why would you procure something which means? If you if you intend to procure any material, you need to have demand for that material for for you to create demand, you will need material code in IBM. So that against that model code the the demand can be entered and for the same model for which the demand is mentored. You can create a PR and P1 procure the new model even if it is for trial. So it has to follow to the process. Does it answer your question?

1:35:11 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So then what is the demand forecast?

1:35:14 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 It is a manual input again. Use whatever information which is available if if there is no history and you are trying to do trial system does not have that information that information is with you so if that information is with you you should provide that

1:35:27 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) information to system oh where we have to provide this information in the in the demand planning sheet only as part of the file I have to fill the quantity yeah you just need to yeah so the material is available

1:35:39 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 you just need to put quantities when you need that material to be appropriate and then it gets it becomes part of the planning process okay okay Rahul that quantity has to be mentioned as a consumption quantity or max level

1:35:55 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) or ROP level this is what I don't get it so no consumption it's a trail item no history of consumption so where I have to manually You have to enter this quantity.

1:36:15 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 You have to enter this quantity. So you need to directly see it. So suppose if you need, say, let's take an example that there is a chemical which is required, say 10 liters for three months for trial. I'm just putting a sub number so you will have the material code created for this chemical in the demand planning sheet. You will have the material code available against that material code in which months you want to trial you need to put as this 10 quantity 10 litre each for three months suppose so you put 10 litre against that metal in those months three months and that will become the requirement on forecast or demand for that material which will go into supply planning and procurement proposal will be created against it.

1:37:01 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) Okay.

1:37:01 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So it seems like one item also or it has to be a group of items Yeah.

1:37:09 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Allows you to maintain demand for a group of items, which is called aggregated level planning. But what we understand, based upon discussions with even Murugan, we don't want to do aggregated level planning because aggregated planning is not something which is required. We'll have to do it at material level, is what we understand. But there is a feature in IVP which is called aggregated planning, where you create demanded group and then based upon ratios it will evenly split or. Between the materials, if we are adding this panel.

1:37:47 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So this demand forecasting how often we have to run like, Starting off each month or how it is.

1:37:56 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 It's a monthly activity.

1:37:58 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) For example, if I done starting of this month and I received a request for the trial. The mid of that month. Yeah, so I need to take an action maybe within the next two three months. They did a chemical for trial. So yeah, is it allowed for me to run with a single item?

1:38:23 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So so what we are recommending is that we follow process that first. So there is a planning calendar. At the end section, there is a planning calendar for chemical. So as for the planning calendar, we should try to make sure that whatever clarity we need is brought into that planning calendar. If there is a requirement which is beyond, which is coming in the planning calendar, there are two options. Either you enter that requirement and it gets considered in the next planning cycle, which means if in the third week, say if you get a demand input and you add that into system, but it will not be considered planning, because supply planning is already considered based on the initial week's input. And it can be part of the next week input, next month's planning cycle, so that it can be considered. That's one option. If it is very urgent, you can directly use S-400 to create a PR manually. And then that will get automatically incorporated in the next planning cycle as open PR. Or you can manually run the process, but we don't process for one model because then you will have to go through the entire cycle of confirming demand for that model, then confirming supply for that model, which is something which

1:39:40 - Unidentified Speaker is not advisable, but there are ways to do it.

1:39:45 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So there is an option that we can raise PR.

1:39:49 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Without disturbing the demand running, so that's something from a from a policy perspective.

1:39:55 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) perspective which needs to be aligned and that is something only for the higher management know they will not listen all this thing all of a sudden they will tell okay raise the PR within one hour yeah some some situation

1:40:11 - Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement) like that some of you know our control is user make the requirement is not as according the the demand planning what they already upload suddenly next week they want to order this one they put the demand planning, maybe they don't put.

1:40:26 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) If there is a supply leak or process leak no, they will tell us to immediately order some chemicals. So for that I cannot wait for a month to have the demand planning run no.

1:40:39 - Rido Mardian (ADNOC Sour Gas - Procurement) Yeah, because we have some condition also in our plan which is the tank level is beyond our control is an operation control. We don't know exactly how much tank level today, only the operation have that indication. With them and suddenly the time level low, then they asked to order.

1:40:57 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So it is not even even for our materials now the currently the existing MRP run goes every month, but we haven't feature. Yes, we can do in a single item level. We can run an MRP based on the work order. We can generate a PR through system and we can process for further procurement action. Why we are asking this? This question means we have been audited by Adnog health check. Why people they are raising a manual PR instead of using the system generated PRs?

1:41:31 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So we understand so probably as part of the change management which is getting through this tool, we need to make sure that all the stakeholders are aligned to the process we are trying to bring in so that we can minimize the exceptions but then yes for sure for exceptions uh there will be the process which we uh which we are doing as one of the materials but then that should be only exceptions and we should not end up

1:42:02 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) in a situation where everything becomes an exception and we don't follow the main process which is to be followed if manual pr can be possible or can be done no you should have this kind of of what is not covered in the plan. So that in the future, from audit point of view, we will be safe.

1:42:22 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So that is something probably more of a strategic decision that with this tool, which company is investing, whether you want to allow this manual exception or it should follow the process, that something can be discussed separately, Arun.

1:42:37 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) I am giving you a live example now. See, on the day one, run as done after 3-4 days there is an emergency you have to go for a new item procurement yeah right Aran this is what I cannot wait for next one month to system to collect

1:42:55 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) my payment how rigid is the system I mean sometimes some failure happen same time they will tell you raise PR they will not wait until the next supply demand and this Rahul thing from business use of point of view

1:43:10 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) If you are in my position, definitely you will also have a tendency to release the PR on urgent basis. You will not wait for next one month.

1:43:23 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So in the supply planning, we also have, as per the input provided, the critical materials or business continuity materials, the planning should happen on weekly level. So supply planning, in the supply planning, we have identified this as a requirement, and we are providing solution for weekly MRP, which is happening today as per for BC and the critical materials. So that will continue. But at the same time, SAP does not stop you to create a PR if there is an urgency which is beyond the planning cycle. So for sure, that process can be utilized for any urgency which is beyond the planning cycle of IVP.

1:44:05 - Unidentified Speaker So can we include that point here?

1:44:09 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Like in case of any emergency like, Actually. I think there are a few go to end of the page.

1:44:21 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) There is also one of the comment not only routine job has to be considered also like emergency and I'm normal. Activities has to be included here. There has to be some. I'll go on that point, but we can't.

1:44:40 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 I don't know because this is something part of So yeah, I understand this is important and we're not saying we should not be capturing it. It's just that it should be captured in supply planning where the PRs are proposed by IBP. So if you don't want to wait till the IVP proposal of PR, then the manual PR should be in case of emergency manual PR should be We can add this point as part of this document as well, but it is relevant more for supply planning is what I'm saying.

1:45:10 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

1:45:10 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) I think OK, I think for any PR management, I think related to supply, but mention it here and then this is very important to show that we need to have allowed the system or access in case of have. If you have any emergency urgent requirement, we need to have a manual that's a very good question. I think it's a very, uh, precious requisition.

1:45:37 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 In case of anything mentioned it anywhere here. There will be another document. Yes, sir. For supply planning, but and we will mention will make sure that it is added in the process information. But for demand planning chemicals. Sufficient, then we will make sure that this comment is not only added as a comment, but it is added as a process information because it's more related to supply planning.

1:46:12 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Okay, I recommend the same point will be discussed later with the supply stream. Because I have also another document for the supply chemicals, which will relate it mainly to the material management and the sharing, etc. A lot of activity there. So there will go deep dive to discuss the manual PRs and consolidation rules and etc. So that I think we are OK here. Can go ahead. I think still we have any point here.

1:46:45 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) One one question guys. Sorry guys, I'm coming just for two minutes. I just want having one discussion with the Khalid concerning the maintenance team involvement in this in this review. Now the question here are we and when we come to this process of the demand planning and supply planning is it a process that the inventory team is sit and then the maintenance will adhere to or it is a process where they tell us what needs to be done from demand and inventory planning and who's who's the governance body is it them or the inventory team?

1:47:28 - Unidentified Speaker The question is to add no team here, guys.

1:47:36 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) So now if I want the purpose of this question is we are doing a demand plan inventory supply demand planning, right? So so the process I'm talking about, not the request. The request will come from them for sure, but do they tell us how we do the planning?

1:48:06 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) I believe the 100% the demand planning will be by the the operation and maintenance team. Then why we are discussing this requirement with you?

1:48:16 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Then this implementation is for the EWM, not for the inventory team, right?

1:48:22 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) That's why we just keep on saying that 8080. I mean 80% of this document is related to the maintenance operation.

1:48:30 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Guys, we need to differentiate between somebody is doing an action and somebody is doing the governance. I'll give you one example. Are you using a fee? And a few is using a fee or do you know what is a fee? Are not invoices invoices? Are you using invoices in AdNoc?

1:48:50 - Unidentified Speaker Even invoices you are not using?

1:48:52 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) So I want to give an example. I want to give example and I'm failing. The invoices, not PO invoices. Okay, the non-PO invoices, you don't tell the finance how that invoice process should work. They will tell you how it works, but they will give you the ability to submit it. This is the same here. And I need to know if this is, let me call Asma, I need to talk with Asma and with Abu Hassan. If this is not an inventory team discussion, then why are we discussing this with you? I mean as a process governance. If the demand and supply is totally done by the EWM and the EWM tell how that process should work, then we need to involve them and then you should be the wrong audience in this meeting. Anything or vice versa and it's based on who is the governance. Let me add Asma.

1:49:51 - Naamani, Mohamad Especially since Akhfiras also we had design workshops with the team or the representatives.

1:49:57 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Based on what they attended and they said we need the process to work this way and even the comments which I hear now then why you are giving these comments if this process is for The team is saying that this demand and supply planning is a process that is owned and governed totally by the enterprise asset management team, not by the inventors. Team. Is this true?

1:50:41 - Asma Saleh Al Hadhrami (ADNOC - GP) What it includes exactly? If it's not inventory, why it's here? Exactly, exactly.

1:50:49 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Then do they tell how new material, chemicals should be planned? What are the master data should be there? How the process works? It should be supplied I believe this message should be clear to the business team, to the users, that this is their process. It's not the EAM process. And we will go to the EWM and tell them, OK, and train them on the process. But we will not ask them about their, it's not their requirements.

1:51:30 - Asma Saleh Al Hadhrami (ADNOC - GP) It's the inventory requirements, correct? Asma? Can I see the write-up? What exactly we're discussing?

1:51:37 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) We are discussing one point. Do I need now, do I need Asma to cancel these meetings and bring only the EAM team, ask them to review these documents, approve it and implement this and train them? We are having two things. We are having the users and we are having the governance. The users are EWM, the users are inventory, the users are procurement. These are the different personas of users. But the governance of the process, the body in ADNOC who tells that the process should be step 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, is the inventory team.

1:52:27 - Asma Saleh Al Hadhrami (ADNOC - GP) Correct? Correct.

1:52:28 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) With governance excellence, correct. With excellence, exactly. I don't want to classify this. No, no, no, process is governed and designed and decided by the inventory team plus the excellence team and the other team within the procurement. But the users will have EM who will be trained on this new process and how to use it. So my statement here that when you are approving this, I'm sorry, my summary here, When you are approving here, you are approving the process. You are not approving the users. You are approving that the process should work this way. These are the details. I hear some discussions, which is rightly said in that discussion, and you are providing your concern about the process. And it should be fixed based on your requirement, not based on the AM requirement. What we will do, we'll go to the AM requirement and we'll tell them, guys, we'll tell them, we'll not ask them. Tell them, guys, this is the new process. How the process will work. They don't have the right and come and say, no, sorry, I don't want to do it this way. I have my own way. No, this is not their call. So in summary here, again, let me repeat myself. When we ask you guys to review and approve, you are reviewing and approving the process, not how the users will be accepting it or rejecting it from the other teams. I gave you one example for the invoice. You cannot go now to the finance and tell the finance, no, I don't want to my invoice this way. I want it my way." They will tell you, no, this is not your business. We own as a finance, they will say this, the invoice process. You are user for it. So the same applies here when we come to the AAM team. They will be user of the system, but they will not decide the process. So please, when we ask you for comments, please provide your comments. And when we ask you for approval for it, we are asking you from governance perspective, from user perspective. Anybody has any comment on what I said or he say no, this is not a line.

1:55:02 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) If you allow me, Mr. Firas. Please. You summarize the situation. Maybe your words are 100% correct. Currently, the end user, he makes the specific which have nothing to do with this because this is demand planning. In the current situation for the chemical, we are receiving the demand plan manually. Now instead of manually, is to make the job easy for ourselves and for them, receive it through the system so it is recorded for everybody. It's to create a system to help team to plan their work to in order to serve properly the end user. Let me ask you a question here.

1:55:52 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) The the template which they are saying sending to you. Did they design that template or did do they tell you what needs to be structured in that template or it's your template? You give it to them and you ask is an inventory. It is an inventory process. I love you my brother.

1:56:08 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) This is this is this is my understanding and from the beginning with when they ask us to involve as a focal point, as an inventory, because if it is not inventory, we don't need to involve in it.

1:56:24 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) We are changing your current manual practice to automated process. To automated process.

1:56:29 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) End user can be aligned.

1:56:32 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) We will come and train them. This is what we are going to do.

1:56:38 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Train them in that and then to Exactly, exactly.

1:56:42 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) In the beginning, if it is required, they can be aligned to be informed. Training, training, they will be trained and they will be provided a comprehensive training about how to do things.

1:56:56 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Because if you leave it for the choice of everybody, we have hundreds of end-users in different groups of companies and everybody will have his own way which feels more comfortable for him to work in it, so we will not reach to a conclusion. So this is an inventory, yeah, an inventory to make the job automated and time-saving, optimizing the inventory. That is the purpose of it.

1:57:27 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Shukran, this is exactly what I'm saying. So in this case, for us, the EWM team will be trained on our new process, I mean the inventory new process will tell them, this is how you need to do it. Now, if they're having requirements for inventory, they need to communicate with the excellence team, with the inventory team and the HQ, and they need to change their process later. But now, this is the way forward. So accordingly, now, when we ask you, please, we need your signature, we are saying this. Now, I have no problem if somebody is conservative and he doesn't like to sign, he can sign. Design and say align training to EAM team to be provided to use our requirement and I'm signing based on that. We have no problem with that. And he put it sort of conditional that we should train them on what you are designing now that we can accept it, but we shouldn't say we will not accept it after we take all your comments about for sure and consider all your valid comments. You sign and say okay please you are required also to consider my signature as as conditional that you will train our end-users on the new process for the stuff and then it will be our following in uat and training etc exactly so and even in uat you will bring them just to test the process but not to give us comments about how the process should be correct Are we online, chabab? Anybody has any objection?

1:59:07 - Asma Saleh Al Hadhrami (ADNOC - GP) But now it's the right audience and everything is correct, right? We're working in the right way. Yeah, true, true.

1:59:22 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) No, no, 100%, 100%. Any comments, chabab? Any objection? Addition to what Ali has said.

1:59:31 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Regarding the chemicals process here, you know that the chemicals process is totally different that MRR process. Chemical process is very, very, very important. So that if you see here, we have a lot of comments from the end user, which is most of the comments are valid. So that at the beginning of this meeting, the team here raised, I'm not saying concern, a suggestion or recommendation to the team, KPMG team, that they need to see after the designing, they will start the design, they want to see the scenarios, multiple scenarios, because you know that some of the chemicals are manual, some of the of the chemicals are based on the historical data, we have a trial chemicals, so that the team here would like to see the scenarios and they want to see the performance of the SAP IPB before any sign of our implementation.

2:00:24 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) with you. I agree with you. This is not only a message, this is a requirement that we are considering. Let me give you a little insight about how the process works. The process works. We discuss with you now your requirements and we put it in this document up to the maximum details that we can put, okay? And then after you do this, we will take this requirement and develop it in the system and then we'll present it to you, okay? And we will do something called system integration testing. The system integration testing, it's a testing which we will verify ourselves here to see that your requirements are there. Then after we do that, we are having something called user acceptance testing. The system will not go live. We will not allow it even to go live from digital perspective until you test all your scenarios totally from end-to-end. Means we will have the list of the scenarios detailed, some of them which you mentioned here, for example, and you will be having enough time to test scenarios from end to end and see how it works. Now, during that testing, now you will discover some gaps where some requirements you missed to tell us we are human or some development went wrong, they will fix it, bug in the system, it will be fixed. But again, we will not move live until we get your acceptance on the user acceptance testing that yes the process is working as per my requirement. So this is the stage guys it is called design stage where we see and you are not seeing system it's a piece of word document where you are providing your maximum but try to use your let's say experience to the maximum possible to give us your requirements again if there is something missing here it will be taken later The only thing that will not be taken later easily if you are coming with a new process. If you are bringing a fix there, some, let's say, considerations there, limitations, a process step, we have no problem. But if you come with a totally new process, which is not mentioned here, that will be a sort of change in our project. Again, I'm not telling you that we'll take it. We'll take it also, but unfortunately, that will have impact on the timeline. Okay? That is part of our project management and it's already, Yaser, it is considered. So do not worry, my friends here, that you say something and then tomorrow I develop it, put it live, and you are stuck now. It will not go live. Let me repeat myself again. It will not go live until you do a complete and proper user acceptance for all scenarios. Thank you, Yaser. Mentioning this, so at least others, they might have the same doubts.

2:03:19 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you, Akhfiras.

2:03:20 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) I'll leave it to you. I'll leave it to you guys. Exactly. Just complete the review and provide the maximum you can do and then give us your either acceptance or comments. If you have comments, we will put it there and then we need to get your acceptance. Why we are rushing for the acceptance? Because we need to go to the development after you accept the design here.

2:03:44 - Unidentified Speaker And you can start seeing things alive. Exactly.

2:03:46 - Naamani, Mohamad Thank you. Thank you so much, my friends. And if you have any doubt, also ping me personally.

2:03:52 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) I can explain to you. Thank you so much. Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum.

2:03:57 - Unidentified Speaker Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum.

2:03:59 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum.

2:04:00 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum.

2:04:02 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Salaam alaikum. Salaam alaikum.

2:04:05 - Unidentified Speaker Salaam alaikum.

2:04:10 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) S He's acting for us, he's acting for the digital team and he's also the project, he's working with the project team here to ensure that this project is 100% successful. And also if you have any comment, anything related to digital team, he will be helpful and he can support us on any clarification or anything. Just to give you a brief overview. Whatever for us. So that no, I'm Hamid. Now the time is 36 so that any would like we since we have a lot of comment. Now I'm starting in there. Now we are in the first part 1.1 process flow. So that now what do you think here? Shall we continue still for or to have morning meeting to continuous? We need to hear from the team also. The team here, what do you Yes, one recommendation from my side.

2:05:07 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So we've tried to answer the comments as much as possible. So if the team can have a look at the comments and close the comments where they feel OK, then we will not spend time on discussing those comments and the comments which are still open. The team feels still some input from us. We can work on this document parallelly to reply and close comments. As much as possible so that you guys can target the session for whatever is not we're not aligned on it so hopefully yeah so wherever we are not aligned and if you need more discussion we can plan for one more session with the team so that all the open comments which we could not reply in that meeting and if you are not satisfied with our replies we can have our discussion to specifically answer those comments Is this something we can proceed with the answer?

2:06:03 - Unidentified Speaker Uh, no comment.

2:06:04 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Also can go ahead and proceed. It's nobody in here because I saw a lot of the team here.

2:06:12 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) See wherever it is required not to incorporate in the document you update the document. This has been captured and wherever it is only on like a question and answer. Yes, it is fine. It is for our understanding.

2:06:29 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 So then let's continue with this process. I don't actually let's work on this and then. So I think we will go ahead and reply. We have replied to all the comments. I would request all the team members to check our comments. Reply back if you're not satisfied with the replies or the updates which you have made and we can probably have session will align on the timeline on the plan when we can have the one more session so that we try to close as many points as possible in this week only. And then we'll get back to you team on when we can have a follow-up session to get this final closure of this document. And it may be a case that we don't even need a session. If you are able to reply to all the comments in the document, probably we may not need a session. But then let's discuss about the session as we close all the comments.

2:07:26 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) What I said just now, all the majority of the people, they have put their comment. So just reflect that comment in the document and update it in the shared service. Then one day, once it is updated, everybody will review. And if there is some additional comment to add in it, we'll add. And we'll have one more session to finalize.

2:07:51 - Naamani, Mohamad Yeah, and I think- Rahul, we're almost done with updating based on the comments. Maybe we need to do fine tuning before end of day, but we already working in parallel with the team, correct? So this shouldn't take us also that long.

2:08:05 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, yeah, so we can. Yeah, you're right moment. We've already replied to most of the comments. I would request the ad hoc team if you feel that the comments what we have mentioned are not sufficient for you to close the point. Comment till you are satisfied.

2:08:20 - Naamani, Mohamad Yeah, so you can work with us in parallel. I highly and everyone already on the live document. Now we addressed most, if not all of the comments. This way we're efficient. You don't need to wait for anything in the live document is already updated. OK.

2:08:36 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Then everybody to take some time to review it and then we'll have our next meeting to finalize will be full.

2:08:43 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) I appreciate that timeline here. Let's put a timeline here. Mr. Ali, what time to comment?

2:08:49 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) For me, just I can sit one hour extra and review the document and finalize it. I think most of the point now is coming clear. Try to include the new terminal.

2:09:05 - Arunkumar Viswanathan (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Yes, whatever comment captured in the design.

2:09:09 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Yes, I will keep on remind you that all the comments just the meaning need to be reflected in the document or add in the index.

2:09:21 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

2:09:22 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, what we discussed before.

2:09:24 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) So maybe so as an action point, so they will project. They will update and then maybe by end of the day they can reply to the same email that review has been updated.

2:09:41 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Please check it. And inform the team that the document has been updated. So go through it and review it, any further communication. And also, Khalid, I prefer to meet again maybe by tomorrow morning at 10 to have a few. Update that document by today. It will be OK to meet tomorrow.

2:10:00 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Tomorrow we have another meeting. Tomorrow we have a session related to drilling, and also we need to use, we have another session to go through the BRD document. So I would request that tomorrow Friday we can have a follow-up session if required to go through document again and between today and tomorrow we can work in this offline mode to update the comments in the document and continue

2:10:25 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) working on the document. The team here, are you okay with you Aru Kumar and Rido? And are you okay to go through the document, what they will do? Yes, yes, yes. So that we will meet again? Yes, we'll meet again on Friday morning. Just follow up to see that document.

2:10:45 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Does it work for everyone, Yaser? We can send an email.

2:10:50 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) Buruj will be there on Friday?

2:10:52 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Buruj, yes. Buruj are refining also. So that Monday too is okay? Khalid, I think it's so far.

2:11:00 - Mohamad Naamani (ADNOC Group D&CS) I think let's go with Friday with the majority. If there is anything, maybe we'll also check Buruj.

2:11:08 - Khalid Sarfaraz (ADNOC Group D&CS) So Yaser, we will communicate with you. So what we'll do is you'd update the document, the team will update the document by today and then they will send the email. We'll give it tomorrow for the review and then you tell us how do you want it? When do you want it? Then we will do it, OK?

2:11:33 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) I have one point just for everybody. To think about it or to help us how, because at the end, we also need to help our end user. Now, the chemicals, when you take it, we have thousands of chemical items for different groups of companies. So the end user, when a chemical comes to him to review, he needs to review the demand. He should receive those chemicals which are relevant to him only. Or there should be a way to filter it where he can find the relevant chemical to him. Otherwise, if he receives a list of thousands of chemicals to review and 95% of it is not relevant to him, that again is time consuming for them.

2:12:29 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 uh the rules and authorization will set up so the rules and authorizations will be set up in a way that if there is certain end user responsible for certain set of chemicals his planning sheet will only reflect those materials

2:12:45 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) so that he is not looking at anything else other than his phase is your plant this is part of the yeah and the system we have a lot of item which is not active at the moment. Maybe it was used long ago and it's replaced with different chemicals, but the history is there. So not every item is coded in sub. You need the demand plan for it. Only those items which is active and running currently will go to the demand. So how we can tackle this So let us think about it.

2:13:28 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, yes. So this is also part of the technical discussion we will have, where when we extract data from S4 HANA to IBP, we look at the material status as one of the primary parameters so that inactive materials are not extracted and we are not planning those. But also we can, as we have the interface activated, we'll continue working on it to make sure that we are working on only the active materials and not inactive materials.

2:13:53 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) Yes, this is part of our plan. Note of these two points because it is very important later on in the stage of implementation.

2:14:02 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yes, yes. This is part of our to-do list for the future discussions. Yes, this is something we are planning to work upon.

2:14:11 - Aysha Abdulla Al Ali (ADNOC - GP) Yeah, Rahia Ali's comment is right. I was wanting to comment on the same thing. We can classify which material can be under demand forecast. For example, fast-moving and vital, essential. We can do like some classification. But all of them has to go under demand forecast.

2:14:30 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Yeah, we can do the filtering classification. So that's why we are doing the segmentation in RDP as well. So that based upon the segmentation, we can put the filters where we need input from end users and what are those critical materials or fast moving materials where user has to focus. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right.

2:14:56 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Then I think we have discussed this. We'll continue working parallelly in offline for reviewing each other's comments and start closing the comments where you guys are comfortable. And then we'll connect again tomorrow, Yaser, to plan the next session. I would recommend that we go ahead with the Friday session in the morning so that whoever is available, we can close those points so that we really the risk of going beyond Friday. But if required, we can discuss on Friday session how we plan for them.

2:15:32 - Ali Mohammed Ahmed (ADNOC Onshore - PD) If possible, preferably if possible by tomorrow, even afternoon. But if not, then Friday morning, Inshallah. Okay, noted.

2:15:40 - MM- SKEC2 - L08 Thank you so much everyone for your time today.

2:15:45 - Yaser Salem Bin Zubaa (ADNOC - GP) Thank you. Thank you everyone.

2:15:47 - Naamani, Mohamad I appreciate your valuable number.

2:15:50 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you all. Thank you.

2:15:53 - Firas Oqdeh (ADNOC Group D&CS) you Hmm.

2:26:19 - Unidentified Speaker you