To-Be Workshop - Demand - MRO EPC planning - Session 1 
mar, 15 de oct de 2024

0:01 - Unidentified Speaker So I can sit on my run. You.

3:16 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Hi everyone, we just gave another five minutes for everyone to join and then we'll. Start.

3:21 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) you Morning everybody.

5:04 - Unidentified Speaker Morning good morning morning.

5:10 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 We're just giving 2-3 minutes for everyone to join. We started.

5:13 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Prathviraj, good morning.

5:30 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) Good morning everyone.

5:34 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Prathviraj, gunawan you need, do you think he's needed for this one? Then just try to forward it to him and ask him to join in case he hasn't got the meeting invite.

5:48 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

5:49 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Anybody whom you think is important for this one, MRO EPC planning, ask them to join. Thanks.

5:57 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you. Okay.

6:52 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 you more people.

9:00 - Unidentified Speaker Very, very supportive.

9:07 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Everyone, thank you for your time for the session. I'm going to get started now. I see a lot of familiar faces, so we won't spend a lot of time in introduction. So the agenda for today is give an overview. We run through the EPC process. We discussed the demand inputs such as master data, transaction inputs to the process. We discussed statical forecast and the user adjustment. And then finally we talk about collaboration and then we can give a recap of what all we discussed and agreed during the meeting. So the objective today is to basically run through the EPC project and discuss how SAP IBP can support this process. We would want to identify by what recommended process activities are fit for ad-hoc environment, and if there are any adjustment required, if there are any gaps, how IPV can work on it, and how can the process be modified based on the requirements.

10:10 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 So, as you all know, we've finished the assess phase. We had a round of workshops for the assess phase across demand, inventory, and supply. Currently, we are doing to-be workshops. Last week, we completed demand workshops from MRO. Today, we are focusing on EPC, and then from next week, we focus on inventory and then supply following that. So, we had discussed corrective maintenance, preventive maintenance, and new parts in the last workshop. Today, we'll just focus on demand planning for EPC.

10:53 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 Good morning, everyone. Just to recap a little bit of the last couple of sessions, we are in EPC, but specifically into the demand part. So what is the objective here is to define what is the agreed material forecasts, part at a monthly level for the next five years. That's one of our main definitions already that we're going to plan on a monthly level with a planning horizon of five years. And this forecast will be at material and location level. And I think we're still defining if we're going to include the resources. When we speak about resources, we mean workforce, okay?

11:46 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 If we go to the next slide, please. This is the process, as you can see here.

11:55 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 This is what we are addressing during this workshop, where we're going to have, of course, activities. In this case, EPC activities, new equipment, and this will create demand of parts. And this part will then get translated into once all the demand process is finished, this demand will be integrated into the supply planning part, where at the end of the project, at the end of the planning process, we're going to generate a procurement and distribution plan, which at the end, on a quarterly basis, we can generate a total cost plan.

12:51 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 So I'm sure. You You all know your your process. So in order to, um as you can see, this is the demand planning. If it's the process, what we've done is with me. We're making sure that we're getting all the required data and incorporating IBP. So I'll just walk you through the process at a high level, your existing process. So once the contractor adds in the equipments and SPIR package, we have the first approval NAIN, right, from the material engineering to make sure that the description of those materials are correct. Now your existing process has the inventory controller to review the order quantity. Now, there won't be any need for this because we can have this process in IBP. So what will happen is that once it's been reviewed by the materials engineering for the description, it can go up, go to the maintenance, yeah, user to review the equipment data and BOM, and then it goes to the ERP to create the material. The reason why we're doing that is that SAP IBP needs a material code. Now, once that material gets transferred to IBP, then we take that information that material gets in SAP, then we take that information to IBP. So the material from SAP and the quantity from AIR. Now, what yesterday we've discussed with Satish, that the material you also transfer the material or the contractor input into SAP. If that is the case, then we don't need to do any integration in AIN, so we can take all the information, the material, we can take the quantity input from SAP S4. There will be some also, other we'll discuss this later, so we need also other data inputs, such as the project start date and then commissioning, and then as well as the lead time. But once we get that data, then the EAM user will then analyze the input, EPC input, and then also compare it to reference materials based on consumption. If there are any adjustments required, they will do so, adjust the forecasted demand, and then it goes to the inventory planner. The inventory planner will then review that, will consolidate the demand plan per category as per our discussion last week. The inventory controller will then have to do it per category, will conduct the meeting to finalize the demand plan, and then once this is finalized, they freeze that demand, and then it goes to the next step, which is inventory planning and supply planning.

16:28 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) So, a quick question on this. So, the starting point is basically after the material gets created, right? Once the material is replicated from AIN, so that's when it triggers to the IBP, is it so?

16:42 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 Correct, yes. We need the material to be created and OK.

16:53 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Right, and this is how we're gonna. What is the difference? It will be the same process. Yeah, like other.

17:00 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) That's what I'm wondering.

17:01 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 Yeah. Yes, it will be the same process. We just wanted to add this. You know a process we have to look at it from start to finish so.

17:13 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) No, no, I understand that. My point is any other material as well as a new material which is getting created today through AI and or another material which is getting created by cataloging team is that the trigger point is same, right? So are they? Are we going to have any other? No trigger or any other option where we specifically do for only these which is coming from AI in or no?

17:38 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yeah, the project.

17:40 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) planning sorry in the shot if you can uh I didn't get your question when when you say planning for epc that means when you trigger that planning in IBP will it only pick those new materials which are created through

17:59 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) aion system is that so all the materials yeah apart from material the the planning the what we are looking for actually all the the epc project uh so is to be registered or uh to be planned within IBP this is our main intention isn't it yeah we call the planning part of it yes so there is no material actually correct there is no material in ai there's no material code in AIN, but once, based on the as-is discussions,

18:46 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 your main objective for EPC is that you want to make sure, specifically from a demand planning perspective, is that you want to be able to make sure that whatever the EPC contractor has put in as input is valid, right, based on consumption, similar products. So you just want to be able to challenge the contractor to make sure that whatever they are putting is correct. Now, here from a best practice perspective is that we need a material code in SAP. So what we're proposing is that, yes, the contractor let's say, material number, which is the manufacturer part number. But once it gets reviewed by the cataloging team, it's going to get transferred to MDG and then gets transferred to SAP to create the material.

19:45 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) I got that. I got that. My question is, again, so are we going to execute these plannings per project of an EPC, or we just execute it for the whole any any PC projects which are there at that point in time?

20:04 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) It's party PC. Agreed and we wait for the project to get over or because see for example in Bruges right now the creation of material is a continuous process which is for the current project which is happening until next year December. So how how would this fit in? With respect to IBP?

20:27 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 I think what will trigger the material creation will be that first the materials are created in S4HANA, okay?

20:35 - Unidentified Speaker Okay.

20:35 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 So this project, as you mentioned, is starting next year. When are the materials are going to be created in S4HANA?

20:44 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Every day.

20:45 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Every day. From this project going on? Yeah. More materials being added.

20:50 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) So how it's a continuous process or yeah from January every day I think we have SPIRs which are getting released from AIN every day We have replication and creation of material and then PO is being placed by the EPC I mean by the project team accordingly. So there's a continuous problem. This will happen until next year December. So IBP would how would IBP be utilized in this situation?

21:15 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) Actually Nishant what you are explaining end of the process actually so in the very beginning of the process now we have planned where the EPC is executing in for example in 2026, 27 28 so that's going to begin so this plan we have to put in IBP and so the for example which is the what are the information tool required and this plan can be captured then finally once it's awarded to the EPC contractor then once AI and everything in place maybe as Rishan said that the will come in place in 2026 so 2025 so then they will process this information AIN then the supplier will register the material in the AIN as per the schedule then it will go to the process sender process so it will be the within AIN what we understand the very beginning there is a check IBP going to recommend based on the previous trend and all and for example this material the similar item what was the pattern utilization and all to review by the inventory control engineer so this review we will read directly from AAN or we want to push this material S for AHANA to review so what so we have different stages if you look at the AAN stages first it is coming in the AAN once the AAN process completed then it will push to the MDG It's pushing to MDG, isn't it?

22:45 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Yeah, yeah, see this is this this entire thing. I know it.

22:50 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) Yeah, exactly.

22:52 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) But I think I'll call it. See, I don't want to hold the discussion now. We let's have maybe sometime if we have with with my current project team. If you have a quick call that will be really helpful later sometime.

23:04 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Let's let's let's try to close the conversation. That's why we have this workshop here. What do you think is relevant here? We have all the different stakeholders. Can they join us for a few minutes?

23:18 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, I think the discussion should not be whether the IDP is going to involve in in AIN or not. Is not going to involve in AIN tool. Okay. Because the reason is the AIN tool is just recommended. This is nothing the final outcome. So always what IBP should be involved when the material is created in S4 with all the data.

24:00 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 That's what the recommended.

24:05 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) What is the difference between the material created through project or material created through the normal creation process? No difference as far as system is concerned. That means IBP is not going to support in any way in demand planning for EPC project, is that correct?

24:25 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 No, I wouldn't say that. So just to be on the same page, what's the purpose of using EPC the material creation in IVP has to be triggered, first of all, from SRHANA. With that, as Mo just mentioned, we're also going to integrate the amount that is recommended for the manufacturer. On the top of that, I think we're jumping a few slides here, but no worries. We're going to propose a statistical forecast based on our reference material. The manufacturers saying, A, well, okay, based on the reference material, based on the consumption history, the system is recommending B.

25:15 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Sorry, sorry for interruption. Most of the CPC project materials may be new, 90%. You will not be able to see any consumption pattern for this. This will be purely most of the material based on the number of equipments and number of quantity of the number of portions all in the current equipment okay so yeah yes so what the tool can can do and um well this is we're going to explain this in the next couple of slides is that so based on that we want to understand what's the difference between items created through uh projects through by the tool am and then as a normal process by the question by the end user may wants to add some more material, new material in the SAP, it will go through the MDG and then new material will be created. What is the difference between these two processes? How the IBP is going to support in terms of materials created to the EPC project in terms of planning?

26:21 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Is not a material creation tool. Is a tool which looks at the material demand and allows you to plan the metal better now when when the metal is created metal is created in s4 the so s4 does not care what is the source of the requirement of the metal it only there's no difference you mean just hold on let me let me conclude what we are trying to say here so from from an sap perspective it does not matter how you create metal it's a material code it gets created the way you've defined in sap the segmentation segregation material type all those parameters which are required to create material, whether it comes from AIN or user request, the material would get created. Now, from a planning perspective, when we are trying to plan for EPC, there is a project in EPC. And for that project, we are trying to plan the materials. When we do the planning of that project for EPC, in IVP, relevant planning information would be available, which means you will be able to see the project. You will be able to see the materials which are planned for that project. We just need the material to be created in S4 HANA first so that we can pull the material information in IBP. The project details would be available in IBP and then for that project life cycle like it is for next two years whatever planning you will do on monthly basis you will be able to see what all materials are required which are given by the manufacturers, the quantities which are provided by the manufacturer. For those quantities you will be able to analyze whether those quantities make sense or not. And if you update what is the quantity as per the maintenance planner or inventory planner's input, then that quantity would be considered as final demand from UPC, which gets into procurement proposal as part of the supply planning process.

28:10 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) This manufacturing proposals will be available in AIN, not in S4 or not?

28:15 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yes, but manufactured part numbers would be available in AIN. No, no, no.

28:20 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) recommendation the levels and all the recommended level will be available in AIN and then the final accepted levels will be after the inventory controller review will be updated in MDG I mean S4R. How this will be verified I mean make sure what are the recommendations.

28:39 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So that's where Mo will help you understand the process how it is different probably you would like to show in the process from the point of material till the planning in IPP.

28:52 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 So this is what we're referring. So in step 16, what we're taking is that we want to take the material number from SAP. And then the recommended quantity of the supply from area, right?

29:07 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) So after creation of this, please confirm once the MD item number is created in MDG, so this would be pushed back to the AIN as a reference? What is the link between? No, no. Then how they will link?

29:21 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yes, AIN material will get pushed. Yes, then fine. See, but I think your question itself is a little different. Let me tell you what they are trying to ask for. Assume that we have a project and during the commissioning the EPC will submit or the manufacturer will submit the spare information with his recommended quantity this is happening in the IBP when he submits this it goes first to the project team to the maintenance team and they review over there you know right now a material is not even created in the SAP HANA system okay he just says that this is my part number these are the specifications and this is my recommended to your operating spare part quantity this is what the manufacturer tells and this goes to the maintenance team in the AIN tool as a workflow, and they put maintenance reviewed quantity. They put their quantity in the AIN. Once they do it, then it comes to the inventory controller. Now you see inventory controller, what he does is, he goes, probably looks into the SAP HANA, that do we have any equipments with the same spare part, something like that they do, and they say that, probably the manufacturer has requested probably stocking 10 quantities, but we already have similar equipments or spare parts. So we need to only stock, say, three quantities. This is also an action which is taken by the inventory controller in the AN Just note, even still now, the material code is not created in the SAP HANA. Once all decisions are done, then what happens is this creates an MDG, and once the MDGCR is approved the material code gets created in the SAP HANA and whatever the parameter that is the stocking parameter that they have put you know in the AIN as you know the inventories recommended parameter that goes to the safety stock or to the reorder point. This is how it happens. So what IBP is where IBP is going to be involved now in this case is after the material code is getting created, isn't it? So once the material code is getting created, currently, anyway I have not thought about the 2B process, currently what you are saying is once the material code gets created in the SAP HANA system, you are going to extract this to the IBP system where you can use your sophisticated, you know, planning formulas or whatever and you can determine the reorder point. But the point here is, this reorder point or the safety stock was actually determined by the inventory controller earlier when the SPIR was submitted. So does that mean you will again after the material goes to the IBP, you will re-execute your sophisticated logic to update the parameters, Is this what will happen?

32:34 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) So, Vignesh, there's two options.

32:41 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 Yes, your current process that the inventory controller is reviewing the quantity before the material is created. Now, if there isn't any system limitations, let's say once the cataloging team reviews the Description right and then we make sure there are no duplicates And then the EAM user will review the equipment Components the equipment it goes straight to material creation. And this is after that in IBP The controller can do these Review That's one option.

33:24 - Unidentified Speaker Yes. Yes.

33:25 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 This is one option the second option is that what you've discussed is that there could be one let's say preliminary review in AIN but then the final review will happen in IVP.

33:38 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) We will get you know see the thing is they may say that why do I need to review you say okay fine see as of now yeah so that's why yeah that's why Vignesh we're not putting in the that

33:52 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 process flow, we're excluding the inventory controller from the left-hand side, right? So you can see your current process is that the inventory controller is reviewing the material before it gets created in SAP. What here we're saying is that you can review that, right, once the material gets created in SAP.

34:18 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Which is the option one mode is described.

34:22 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 8 There is a point here, as soon as the material is created, no matter whatever the initial, we put the parameters, the vector parameters, it's already going to go for purchasing. So the material is created, it's going to pop up as soon as we do the MRBRAN, and it will go for purchasing directly. So we try as much as possible, if we can, do the analysis prior to material creation. Because once the material is created, the vector parameters are already set.

34:48 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) mandatory field that you have to put in but yeah.

34:51 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 But then if the material is getting planned through IPP we can put select the correct MRP type so that MRP does not create purchasing proposals and then IBP does the planning and create proposals so that way we can make sure that even after the material is created it directly does not pops up into the purchasing queue and then it goes to to IBP for planning, because that is where you will have the review of the entire demand, because that is where the inventory planner will have the visibility of what is getting planned for different equipments across a different location. So he can decide better, confirm the quantity, and from there, IBP will create the purchase regulation based upon what he's aligning.

35:38 - Unidentified Speaker Question.

35:39 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 You're saying that when the material gets created, because of the MRP type, it can generate a purchase requisition immediately. What is the amount? Is the manufacturer's amount? The recommended amount from the manufacturer is the one that is being purchased?

35:56 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 8 Both, actually, the manufacturer recommendation and also with a review of the V3 controller through INM system. Also, because it generates a CR request, a creation request from the SAP system. So during that, review the parameters and all that, you can emit them as well. Not only the manufacturer's suggestions, also the review of the metric controller. So if it's possible, actually, my suggestion is, once the MDG is created, is it possible that the IBP can actually interfere there and give suggestions before the material creation? It is already in SAP system, but the material is not created, the material number is not there, but it's already as a request I mean our recommendation is to go through the planning process which will take just a few

36:45 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 steps to do the process and then we will get the results that are the same ones that you are presenting here. But we have to go through the step by step to achieve those results.

36:59 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 I think this question is what you're saying is after the material is created. Saying before creation of material.

37:08 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 8 it more clearly, we have two systems right now, AI and system. After the AI system completed the process, there is a generation in the SAP system, which is another request, creation request, still the material is not created. So when you go on the SAP system, while the request is there, and we interfere there with IBP to give suggestions for the inventory parameters prior to material creation.

37:34 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 The limitation here is that if we don't have the material, this is more IT, but we only have one source for IVP. That source is S4 HANA. If the material is not in S4 HANA, there's no way to have it in IVP.

37:48 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 They can't pick the material.

37:50 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Material is one of the key fields. It goes through across all the planning fields. Now, that material number, if not there, and your S4 HANA system defines what is the material number. Yeah, that logic is there. We cannot replicate that MERTIL number creation somewhere else. So, and if MERTIL number is not available in IBP, we will not be able to do the rest of the things because that's the key parameter for do anything in IBP, which means without MERTIL number, we will not be able to forecast. See, MERTIL is a key field. How would we identify for which MERTIL we are trying to do planning or forecasting? How it is getting captured in IBP and how it can be passed on to the nexus? So that becomes a challenge is that since it being the key field. The basic information for for IBP to do anything is the location which plant we're trying to do. What is the material for that plant and like so material plant location related. This information is the basic information for any any information, any analysis to be done in IBP. If the metal number does not exist. On what basis we are doing the planning?

38:58 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 8 Can we utilize? There is a dollar with your numbers created this early. That's a temporary one, so we cannot utilize it for IPP.

39:08 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) That's a temporary number we cannot.

39:14 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) See the dollar number is a temporary number which is all fine, but now our SAP HANA system is running. The MRP for this material, but in the future after the IBP SAP HANA MRP will not be executing the MRP of these materials right. So it will be the IBP which will try to do the demand planning of these materials. So what will happen if the material gets created and the material you know goes to IBP and does the demand planning and creates the PR. See, what you also need to keep in mind is in the future, our MRP, SAP MRP engine may not be running and creating the demands. That happens now, but in the future after our IBP implementation, maybe the SAP HANA MRP will may be used for a very selective list of products, not the CPC, maybe for non-stock or I don't know, And for some specific,

40:21 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 I think we were discussing about some learning based consumable materials is what we will use. And we will see, we will see during the design.

40:31 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) And we will discuss on that. But from the perspective of this project discussion, okay, Khalid, what I am thinking is since SAP HANA is not going to be the demand planning system, once the MRP gets created, okay. Once the material gets created and the material is replicated to the IBP system. The IBP system is a central place where the inventory teams are going to review all the demand forecasts. So it may be the right one place for them to get the aggregated demand verification. Isn't it, Khalid? Because otherwise you know MDG even if you try to do something at the MDG CR level that may not be optimal or it may not go through all these complicated algorithms that IBP will do. So what will happen if a material gets created? Once it gets created it will go to the IBP and IBP does the demand planning for this material based on whatever historical consumption, planning parameters whatever If it does and what if the inventory controller reviews it over there? What what problem will it make for us?

41:55 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Witness. Yes, I think this that is see the IDP involvement should be always from S4 HANA material after the material creation in S4 HANA. It will never help if we even though will try to involve before creation of material. So always it should be after creation of material. Yes, Satish. This is what I am also trying to brainstorm with the team over here. OK. So IBP is going to be there, going forward planning. There is one question here. If MRP to be run through IBP, there is no issue. Even after creation of material, IBP, you can configure the IBP. Go to IVP, IVP run the MRP and forecasting.

42:44 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) This is for the standard, what we are expecting here for APC contract, what we mentioned in the previously in this as a requirement. So, what we are expecting from IVP, IVP to predict the forecasted consumption based on the similar equipment, the material consumption historically. So, this material does not have any historical consumption to predict or review within SAP or within IBP itself so what we are going to similar equipment material the pattern so what was the consumption so based on that so the recommendation to review for example currently as we highlighted here the vendor recommendation all the recommendations not passing to S4HANA so this information in the IAN only so when once so the IBP we need to integrate with the IAN then only we get all the information.

43:40 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Can I tell you one thing, Abdul?

43:43 - Unidentified Speaker Yeah.

43:44 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) In fact, we have the EPC. You are just not seeing it on the screen, but we have the EPC recommended quantity. We have the manufacturer recommended quantity. All this, we capture it. In the SAP? Yeah, in the SAP. It comes to SAP. I can show it to you probably.

44:07 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) then fine for this information available so all the information from AN is available in SAP then no need to integrate it to AN so we can read from the SAP. However what we are seeing that this all information to be captured in IBP and we want to go for the further review and this recommendation so before we are placing any order we want to validate the the recommendations.

44:35 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 If I may, just, what you're describing, sorry Nishan, what you're describing is that the process itself can be done. However, we still have, from last week's discussion, we still have that gap for the new punch introduction. We're still trying to see a way or find a solution for that. Which is the automatic prediction of a similar part. But what you're describing by itself, the process itself, will be done in SAP IBP, which is to review what the EPC contractor has put in based on the historical consumption of a similar product. Now, how this will be done, this is still, let's say, a gap that we need to address. But the process itself will be an IVP. Yeah, clear.

45:53 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) OK. One quick one here. So when you trigger this planning for a particular EPC project, how does IBP understand that this are the materials which are you know for this particular EPC project because the replication will be as per the normal any other material to IBP right so are you also getting the project?

46:17 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 yes we need the project code okay okay so but a question here Vignesh when when the material is created I understand mutilated parameters and demanded information is flowing. Does the project information flow into S4 HANA? The project code which is in AI.

46:38 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) I just put it on the chat. If you see, I just put a screenshot on the chat. Can you see this screenshot? Yeah, let me just put it like this. You can see the new screenshot that I'm going to put now. So this is a custom table. If you go to the material master itself, currently the behavior what you will see is that you will only be seeing the quantities which are suggested by the inventory controller. But whenever the spare parts are getting created in the SAP HANA system, what we do is we store over here, if you see there is a project number, if you can see, we have the project number for that project, what was the SPIR number, SPIR item, the manufacturer part number, what was the manufacturer proposed quantity, what was the contractor quantity, and these all information we store it as custom tables. So this is probably I think what you are asking for which project which this is something we'll pull so that is where we were discussing whether we need to pull this information directly from AIM we would like to keep S4 on as that one place from where we extract all the information if data is available in S4 and what we're showing it's available which means that we can pull all this information in IPP and make sure the project related details are available for the team to review when they are the demand in IPP? Should be. This table is going to have all the list of materials which are confirmed from the AIN process. You don't want to go to AIN where there may be so many materials which are not confirmed, deleted, you know, in under review. We don't want all those things. These tables will have the confirmed quantity with the manufacturer recommendation, contractor recommendation. You also will have the SAP material number also in this table. You can then use that for your calculation.

48:57 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yes. Thank you so much.

49:02 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Vignesh, just one question. Is it really, sorry, are we really project-based demand planning?

49:15 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Because, see, our demand planning should not be as a project-based, it should be the material category and all those things, considering all those things, it is not only the project.

49:26 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) That's right, it's not only the project.

49:28 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) I don't know, it is the inventory team to decide, it is the inventory team to decide, but I'm just asking, is it, why we need a project-based Essentially you are procuring for a specific project so from a planning perspective

49:41 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 you should be aware that while I'm procuring independent material by material type.

49:46 - Raghavendra Mithal (ADNOC Refining - HQ) I think we are not procuring right it's by the EPC contractor. We are procuring only for spare parts.

49:54 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 We are talking about spare parts only the procurement of spare parts only since our discussion is related to MRO so whatever spare parts which part of this specific project, what we understand is the requirement is to make sure that for a given project we are able to track what all material spare parts SPIRs are required, analyze the demand and make sure those are available in stock as for the timelines of the project. Is that correct understanding? And for that purpose only we will be able to track the entire information at a project level, at a plant level, at a material level. These are all hierarchies defined in IVP. At a function location level, at an equipment level, all this hierarchy information will be available for planner to look at this information in a way he wants to look at.

50:59 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) from Satish is trying to tell you the process what happens today in the sense they do not do a project based planning. So, assume that the MRP made this material will get created if it will have a reorder point you know then whatever the material is going to be planned is going to go to the common inventory, they don't have these type of project-based planning. You are trying to think of it as a demand which comes from the project systems, where if you have a project systems module that is used for EPC projects, then from there a material will come. Then when it comes, in that time itself the material is segregated as a project stock requirement. But whereas over here, the difference is when it comes from the AIN and when it creates the material master, it is not currently denoted for a specific project. It just creates a material code and there is a reorder or safety stock which is assigned. We cannot say that this is for a specific project. The MRP doesn't do that currently.

52:30 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 Agreed. Yeah, agreed and we need to review that in the technical session because it's something that there is a gap there. We have a material from one side as you explained that is coming from S4HANA and at least from the IT perspective has no relationship with the project. But on the other side we have this material is indeed assigned to a project and that's why we to buy it so we need to balance these two things.

52:55 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yeah but then the project is only for the purpose of tracking here in IBP we are just creating project as an hierarchy element to be able to understand where the specific how this specific demand stream is impacting the overall demand you have from different like there can be a separate correct to demand there can be separate prevent to demand and then there can be demand which is coming from EPC. So to be able to identify what all different demand streams are there for a given material and then be able to holistically plan the demand for that specific material is the intention and this information the hierarchy would be available to planner to see what all different demand components are there when he is planning a specific So you are right. Inventory will not be project stock.

53:50 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) So what you are trying to say is we have mentioned three types of demands. Assume that there is a material which is used by a normal breakdown or corrective maintenance. So the reservation which gets created from that work order will be your corrective demand. And when it comes from preventive maintenance, if you have the maintenance plans, I think that is what you are going to call as a demand from the preventive perspective. Whatever we are going to push from our custom table, I think we just showed you, this will going to be your demand which is coming from the project. So a consolidated perspective, what you're trying to say is the inventory controller will be able to see the three type of demand for a material, whether it comes from the corrective, preventive or from the EPC project and they will be able to take the stocking decisions, is this what you're trying to say?

54:45 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 Correct. You're on the right track.

54:50 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 In the process, that's step 20. So the system will consolidate the demand. They can do it by category. There's a lot of filtering criteria the inventory controller can do. But yes, controller will be able to see the demand from corrective instead of BBC.

55:15 - Unidentified Speaker And just to highlight that we need to find a way to identify this demand as a project demand coming from the project screen, not from corrective or preventive because that is not the case.

55:29 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) You need to probably rely on this custom table which I have put in the screenshot where this is the custom table in the SAP system. This table is particularly only for the project. This table will not have any other source of information. This table will have the demand which is coming from the project alone. So probably this is the third source. The second source will be your maintenance plan-related demands, and your first source will be your corrective, your reservations from your corrective maintenance, I guess. The table that you showed, the amount, Is the manufacturers? There are two columns that I've highlighted. There is the manufacturer recommended quantity and the EPC recommended quantity. So the workflow goes like this in the AIN system. Adnok sends a project to the EPC and EPC distributes because he distributes the SPIR to the equipment manufacturer. Equipment manufacturer will say that okay for this equipment I suggest you to stock say for example 10 quantities and he will send it to the EPC. Will then review this and then he also has an option you know he may in most cases he may say he may suggest you know okay manufacturer has recommended 10 will also recommend 10 or he has the option to say manufacturer has recommended 10 and maybe he can say I recommend stocking 8 pieces the EPC the EPC contractor can say that I recommend stocking eight pieces, then it comes to the inventory controller, they can review the recommendation from both the parties, that is the inventory, sorry, they can see from the manufacturer and from the EPC what they have recommended, plus he may take the consideration of the maintenance team also, who also have a say in this, and then he will take the final stocking decision. So all this information is available in this custom table here. So the only thing, Vignesh, probably we'll need to discuss is that what activities still remains in AIN and what activity from a collaboration or review perspective should be done in IPP, considering that the planner has now a better holistic view of overall demand and is not looking at just EPC demand at one location, which means that the manufacturer quantity input is required. Contractor quantity input is required. Now the reviewer quantity, which is either from maintenance or from the planning team, probably that review should happen on IVP side, considering that he has a better view of overall demand for the specific material and confirm whether he wants to consider that EPC quantity as part of the overall demand or add it on the overall demand so that he can plan the overall requirement. Because instead of them planning two times, maybe they can after the maintenance recommended quantity is there, then it doesn't need to go to the inventory controller, then it goes to the SAP HANA, then it will create a material code and in IBP, they can do a consolidated review. So you will have all the information over there rather than doing it twice. Once in the AAN, then in the MDG. Yeah, we will. Let's propose it and I think we need to agree with with all the inventory team whether they are OK. At least we have a proposal now, so it's good.

59:05 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So we probably that's the question to the inventory when planning them. This is what exactly we are proposing. So do you see anyone sees any concern with this proposal that? We we want to give this information to a consolidated view of all the requirements and they can plan all the demand including the EPC in IBP rather than separately planning the EPC demand in AI and tool.

59:37 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 I think we will cover more detail all the aspects of that in the next slides.

59:46 - Unidentified Speaker one system for the planning.

59:48 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yes, and that's going to be IPP, right?

59:51 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Not only that, Khalid. See, in the AIN system, the reason why they just don't take the manufacturer quantity is that when the workflow goes to the inventory controller, he may check, go to the SAP HANA and check, you know, do we have other equipments like this? Have I stocked already? So these of considerations are taken. What you are now trying to do is, you are saying that probably he doesn't need to refer to these two systems. Once the material gets created in the SAP HANA, all these will be consolidated, he can review it in the IDP system. But he has to do this manually today, when he puts that inventory controllers recommended quantity. Somewhere he needs to to look at the number of installed equipments, whether this part is already stocked, and then only he takes the inventory stocking decision. Only thing is he may be doing it in the IBP. But anyway, just to document this as a business process, we have to have business confirmation if they agree to this or not.

1:01:03 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 I guess we have all the required stakeholders in this meeting. So we just wanted to make sure if There is an alignment from an inventory perspective and business perspective on this discussion. We understand all the required stakeholders are part of this discussion. And the purpose of showing this process was to exactly meet to what you mentioned, that this is how we propose to plan. And inventory planning team should be looking at IBP as a single tool. So Khalid, can we make sure that you know exactly the people Can we call out their name and get the confirmation?

1:01:40 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) We need to have this consensus. I suggest, you know, don't make such a thing. Don't call out the names and get this sort of confirmation because this will not be what you do is you propose the one process and you, you know, say as part of the minutes of meeting, you need a confirmation by this date, you know, so that there are some people who we may with who are not there, but you put a date and you say that you need a confirmation and we will internally and we will get back to you with the confirmation.

1:02:17 - Ahmed Mahmoud Al Hammadi (ADNOC Refining - HQ) As I know that all the group companies focal points here, but however, I am with the same proposal with Vinish he said. Khalid send the email to all focal point from all group companies with this proposal that has been proposed.

1:02:34 - Unidentified Speaker This will be sent to the inventory managers actually, in the shared service.

1:02:39 - Ahmed Mahmoud Al Hammadi (ADNOC Refining - HQ) Yes, yes. Send it, we will do the action from our side. We will send it to a group company. During the break, we'll discuss this, how we can forward it to focal points to review it.

1:02:54 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Well, Dean, you have your hand up. We're missing you in the room today, but you can ask the question.

1:03:00 - 1Waliyoddin Ahmed (ADNOC Offshore - ZKFD) Thank you. Actually, I would just ask want to know regarding the demand for the shutdown or turnaround, because turnaround demands are also not normal. So when you are considering the EPC demands here, so are you going to consider this turnaround demands also separately over here, or how we can identify this is turnaround or the normal demand?

1:03:23 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Can I answer, or you guys, anybody wants to answer this?

1:03:37 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) There is a major problem today. So currently what is happening is, what the maintenance team are doing is, even if it is a shutdown, turnaround or general corrective maintenance, they are simply creating a work order. Maybe they use a different type of work order, maybe PM 06, but ultimately what it does is it gets, you know, planned as a normal requirement. So I'm just telling you one thing that there is a new proposal which is which is going on since last week where there's a proposal from the EWM team whenever they are going to create a turnaround requirement which is having, you know, in the work order WBS. Are going to make an enhancement in the system so that the reservation that gets created will be created as a project stock request with an account assignment queue or a 261 queue. It is going to be differentiated from the corrective maintenance. So what it will mean from a demand planning perspective. So when you are going to replicate all the reservations, they will take the reservations to the IBP system. So in the IBP system, they will be able to differentiate a turnaround or a project request from a corrective maintenance. Now, I am telling you this, this is not like the other SPIR project. This will be against WBS, planned against WBS. Still not yet implemented, but there are some discussions going on since last week and EWM said that they will start with all the group companies. They will start some change management process and it will be rolled out within two months. This is what I know, sir.

1:05:41 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 7 Thank you Ignatia. It's OK.

1:05:44 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So I know we are deviating from our EPC topic, but we probably will need to connect separately understand how this separate project will impact on what we are doing so that it is part of the learning we are having.

1:05:58 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) We will discuss it yes. For sure because this is a process which is being discussed now which is currently not implemented in the system but they are planning to roll this out across all the group companies in the next two months you know so we need to be ready for these sort of requirements. When we go live also.

1:06:21 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 3 Go ahead.

1:06:23 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) All right. Can I share my screen? Just a little bit. Then I can give it back to you. Give me one second. Sure, sure. Go ahead. OK. Apologies by my voice. I'm just recovering from a cold, so you will hear it a little bit deeper than usual. Let's see. Perfect. So let's discuss about the demand inputs that we are going to need. Usually, we refer this as mass data and transactional data that are the base inputs that we are going to use for our demand model and all the subsequent steps that we are going to have. So let's start by the mass data. So mass data is information that we are planning to integrate from the source As we have said recently, we want to use this for HANA system. This is a very good practice from IT perspective to have a consolidated source from which to extract the information. We want to extract the base dimensions that we are going to use for planning. Time is something that we have already on the system that is not necessary to extract, but material dimension related to the spare parts, the asset dimension, that can be the equipments or functional locations, and the location dimension is something that for sure we need to bring from the system. To be able to plan on AVP, usually we only need the IDs, all right? That is something important to understand. When you see the other hierarchies here, this is more related to consolidating numbers, to aggregating. So in the future, for example, if in the planning view, in Excel, you want to see see more information related to this material, like the category, material group, and so on. That is information that we need to understand right now, OK? Because we need to work on the integration of this information. Also, sync on dashboards or reports when you want to see dashboards or charts that are showing you the information, I don't know, by vendor or by asset class. You need to have this kind of information. So we have many agencies. Hopefully, you're sharing the kind of hierarchies that you're working on, but I think that a very good approach that we can follow is that we can give you a template on our site. We can give you a template of what we need, and you can start writing what are the hierarchies that you are usually working, because this is going to be an important input for us. We are working currently on technical sessions in which we need to address the integration side. We need to understand from you if there is any hierarchy or attribute like the ones that you see here that you would like to see on the tool so we can start planning the integration of those. We need to do all the mapping and filtering of the information you have in store and bring that information into IoT.

1:09:30 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) I think that would be the best approach. So you can work it offline and then you can give us the fields that you need because otherwise, it's going to take too much time.

1:09:40 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) One question for the material group, you see that you have a material group as a dimension. Now, a material group in the SAP will be from the T023 table and it's a six-digit, but what we have is we have a breakup of the material group. Do we replicate? It's stored in a custom table. In short, the material group itself is not a random number. We have a hierarchy to it, but it is not maintained in the T023. We have some custom tables which is going to segregate the material group. So you want that hierarchy also to available in the end, right? It's a custom table that we use.

1:10:29 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Perfect, exactly. That is the kind of thing that we need to understand. So we need to understand. What you are going to use for planning? What is important to see in the tool for you and then with you being a channel or people like yes, then technical sessions we can check how we are going to perform integration because we are going to find things that are not standard like in this case and probably we need to perform a different from that that is not coming from the add-on as standard. So yeah, that is part of the technical discussion.

1:11:03 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Fine, we will discuss that also, no problem. I just put over here in the screen on the chat a screen for your reference where we have what you see over here on the material group is the six digit which you will see in the as a material group. But we have a parent to that, you know, and we have a parent to that so. It has a logic. Yeah, it has. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we will just keep a note of this table. We we can replicate this also so that we can get a better perspective in terms of family. Or grouping of items. Vignesh, are these UNSPA C codes or? No, sir. These are not UNSPA C codes. These are ad-hoc unified product groups. It's a custom ad-hoc classification.

1:12:02 - Unidentified Speaker Okay. I have a question.

1:12:13 - 1Vivekananda Shetty (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yeah, here you mentioned there's a material dimension. Dimension in the sense attributes in the sense it's like a field like right now you have mentioned metal ID okay so like for example if you want metal description that's considered attribute or how it is but the description yes

1:12:30 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) is going to be another attribute let me show you really quick on the system because I have some example so for example this is a planning view that we use for a statistical forecasting and has all the information required for doing so so you have base information like the part a description, location description, that is the plant. And then you have information that is going to consolidate this, right? So for example, in this is a very easy example that the company, for example, we can bring that field into the planning view. So you can identify, you can use it for filtering, or if you want, you can use it for consolidate. So for example, you want to see all the forecast for this You can consolidate and sum up the number. So you see it by company, not by part, not by plant, by company, you know. So this is kind of the information we are going to need. And as you were asking, the description of the material is also going to be one of the fields that we need to introduce.

1:13:28 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 right for sure make sense these are all the columns or filters available in the IDP and then inventory control can filter aggregate disaggregate and filter and filter when we say aggregate the more if you go up in hierarchy the will get keep on consolidating and you will see the aggregated. If you go lower in the hierarchy the GIMAN will split and disaggregate for that specific hierarchy and then filtering will allow them to specifically look at that specific value of the classification or grouping of the material for them to look at that specifically so that with that they can prioritize and like an inventory manager would not care at a lower level of demand so probably he would like to look at an aggregated total what is maybe it can be material grouping level it can be group company level it can be plant level so whatever is the criteria which make which is more relevant for that person filters can be applied and he can have a look at that specific number if it's more working person who wants to look at things at a granular level then he can select the filters which are specific to a specific material type specific metal group and a specific metal combination so that he can work on providing his input when he's working on that specific.

1:15:00 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) As far as I know the way they are looking at it you know first thing is by manufacturer this is this is the currently the aggregation logic that the inventory team has given they try to consolidate by first the manufacturer you know the requirements by manufacturer they exclude all the ones which already have an agreement. If those requirements already have an agreement, it will anyway directly get created as a release order, so that is excluded. But other than the ones that are an agreement, then they first go by manufacturer and they check the demands. They are going to group first by manufacturer. If after the manufacturer level, then they go to the family of the material. In that itself, know they have some criteria. Jaga, you remember you have given this criteria before where you say that in the material group six digit, five digit, four digit. Yeah, parent manufacturer. So these are the things if you want to visualize, then I think they are asking for that only over here.

1:16:08 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Okay, I can share the logic what we have.

1:16:12 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, you can try to share it separately with them because if you want to look at it visually, visualize it that way, then I think probably that input needs to come here. So here I think that this is an Excel sheet. What they are saying over here is, if you get the relevant parameters over here, you will be able to aggregate by company and see what is going to be the net demand, correct? This is what you're trying to show, right, Hector?

1:16:41 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) That's correct. That's correct. You just think of this like a pipe of theory, right? You have the information at a very high level, but you can consolidate by company space or by vendor, as you were saying, just by putting the correct fields here.

1:16:57 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) So if you put one company. We will have Jagat to provide you this information, OK?

1:17:05 - Unidentified Speaker That's right.

1:17:05 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) That's right. Thank you.

1:17:07 - Abdul Lathief Muhammed Kunhi (ADNOC Offshore - IC) Good.

1:17:07 - Unidentified Speaker Let's continue.

1:17:08 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 You'll be providing for all the group companies, Jaganath?

1:17:12 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Common for all group companies.

1:17:14 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, this is centralized and this is not something specific. This is for all.

1:17:19 - Unidentified Speaker That's right, the PR is aggregated, yeah. So Jaganath is from the Inventory Excellence team, so they are looking over all the room. OK.

1:17:29 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Perfect, OK, let's continue then. So related to massive data is basically what we said for EPC. As we were discussing previously, we also would like to have That's something that we already checked. I don't know if the code, but I saw that in your table, Dinesh, there was a specified the break as well. Also, the MRO asset. As I was explaining before, this is going to be any functional location or equipment in which we are spending our MROs. Yes, that's one of the basic information that we will need. Location. Is the physical space in which we are storing the inventory, in this case, and the MRO part that is basically a material. So this is going to be the basic mass data that we need to have on the system. And then related to transactional data, that is information that usually is depending on time, we will need the project required quantity. That is what we were showing in that table, lineage. That initial MRO quantity, the recommendation from the manufacturing, the layer from the contractor, and later from the inventory controller, the review. That information is something that we also need to integrate on IVP. For that, we need what is the material, in which plant we are going to store it, for which asset, and which date. That is information that we need to have in each. Later, if you want to convert to value this information, it will be also useful to have the cost per unit, so you can convert all the value that we are getting from demand planning, inventory planning, supply planning, into a financial number that you can later review. So that's the basic information.

1:19:21 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) So, Vignesh, project code refers to our project request number?

1:19:30 - Unidentified Speaker Project code.

1:19:30 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yeah, it's the EPC project code which is getting created in AI.

1:19:36 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) That is actually project request. Are we talking about the same thing? I'm just.

1:19:43 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Sorry, what is that? Does project code mean our project request number created on the AI project project code means it's the project request? Yes, exactly. But for the same EPC project we're creating hundreds of project requests in our our case.

1:20:00 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) There are different. They are different projects, right?

1:20:04 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Nishant they are, but for every MR we create different different projects. So. So I mean, can you explain that again? Nishant, what do you mean when you for a for our current project we create? So for for every, you know, batch of materials we create, So I think already we have got some more than 50. Almost the project was created for the same EPC project, so I think we'll have to look at some other code to identify a project separately, but Ignace will have to think about it.

1:20:45 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) So that is going to be the case Nishant in as part of each project they are going to ask you to assign a WBS, correct?

1:20:53 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yes, no, this is. A question here. This is a project in EIN, right? So while you create WBS in EIN, the intention is not for the inventory control, right? The intention is just to be able to identify for this. Yeah, just a grouping unit. So do we, like for a single project on EPC, like if you have a site, say a plant, and then there you want to implement certain assets as part of that project, We understand there is one project code which allows you to group all the assets. And then the material, the materials which are required as part of EPC for those assets. So how is this understanding different from Nishant what you're trying to share where you have multiple project codes? Can we just elaborate a little bit more here?

1:21:48 - 1Nishant Keloth (Borouge) No, I mean, see when I asked you about what is the triggering you said that's a project code, right? Yes, for the EPC. Now when I have so many projects created for the same EPC project and and whatever Vignesh table, the table that Vignesh showed you for SPIR header that contains the project request number which is many numbers for the same EPC project. So how will you trigger it in a way that you club all of them together?

1:22:16 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Do you have this hierarchy defined in AI and where you have a main EPC project code? And then it creates subsequent project code, project requests.

1:22:28 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) We don't have that. If we are going to do like that, Nishant, then what we may need to introduce is a field called collective number, something like that. You remember we used to have this in the olden days, SAP RFQ. We used to have a collective number, which is basically going to have. So probably one of the solutions, if you are doing things like that, there can be a collective number which can be introduced, which is going to be one. Even if you have 20, 30 projects, and in the collective number, if you use one number, then that can be the unique project and you are just creating multiple requests. So this is one way we can look But it's currently not there, but if you are following.

1:23:22 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Yes, we will have Satish in Adnok. You're creating only one project for specific EPC.

1:23:30 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Project project. No, no, it is.

1:23:32 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) It is one too many, so I think Vignesh should we have this?

1:23:39 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) See any change we are going to do to the AIN. It should be in both the systems in a shunt. We don't want to do something for the Boroughs. So if you are going to add the project, then a collective number will add it in both the instances.

1:23:56 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) My point was like as Satish said, Satish, you also have multiple for the same EPC for multiple projects, which means the issue is on both the sides. So if you have a fix, I think we have to look at having something like that on. I mean that retrofitted on our side as well.

1:24:15 - Raghavendra Mithal (ADNOC Refining - HQ) is how are you then finding out this project codes belong to which master project.

1:24:21 - Nishant Keloth (Borouge) Now see we are handling only at this point we are only handling one EPC project through AI. So the requirement has not the scenario is not like we have many EPC projects going on parallelly.

1:24:35 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) They have Raghavendra they have one project EPC project for I think Baruj for expansion okay.

1:24:44 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) for expansion and they are creating a lot of Projects under under that they are using it a little differently than how it was designed, but now we have one project code and under that we have different SPR.

1:25:01 - Raghavendra Mithal (ADNOC Refining - HQ) So we track by the project code only.

1:25:05 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Uh, sorry.

1:25:07 - Raghavendra Mithal (ADNOC Refining - HQ) No, I mean in the current SPR, not the end. We have one project code for the or you know crude flexibility or whatever we have one project code.

1:25:15 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) That is the way you are doing it. Yeah, that is the way you are doing it, but the way he is doing it is a little different. For you if there is a one major work or any major minor work you know or any enhancement you create a project for that and you give a reference location to the EPC contractor. Contractor will go catalog all the locations, send it to us for review. You, then he will associate all the assets or the equipments under those locations, right? This is generally the process that you are following. I think what Nishant is probably saying is because of the nature of their project, it's a very huge project also.

1:25:53 - Satish Desai (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, Vignesh, it is not only that. See, many, many occasions, yeah, many occasions, maybe some of the locations or say hierarchy has been developed. Once the another one, one project is already one project request is already processed SPR is under review that time they will have another new locations to be added in and all these things in those cases we need to create the new project request to add locations hierarchy in the same reference location so it is always there that yeah no no go ahead Satish sorry so so there is always one to many request. So if you want to have something common then we need to have some solution which is always as a high level.

1:26:44 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) That is what we are referring to you know as introduction of another field called as collective number which is like a parent or a holder object and we don't change the process itself let them do whatever process that they are doing But a collective number can be an independent entity, which can be used to link multiple projects to one parent, and it can be used for any subsequent planning or reporting. Anyway, we will discuss this Nishan. This is just a solution that we have done. But we will take this up with our team, our AI team.

1:27:25 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you so much.

1:27:31 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Great, perfect. That is great to know that we can also have new fields if required. One next discussion that I would like to understand is related to the location level. Usually when we have this kind of projects of IVP, us is always the plant. While we are planning, we are planning the demand on a plant, the inventory that we are projecting is also on a plant and so on. So all the information on IVP is usually at this level. I hear that you are usually planning differently. You are having different storage location and different MRP types by storage location. So I just wanted to see if you see any issues on that all the planning on IPP is at the plant level or if you've seen that we should go a level deeper and if that's the case we need to understand why. So I don't know who can speak here on this case if we think that we should go deeper than plant level.

1:28:44 - Jaganath Doss Thangadurai (ADNOC - PE&ICV) I think this one we need group company by group company so correct me if I'm yeah yeah because we have both some companies they are doing it at the client level and some companies maybe I'm sure and drilling yes they are doing at the MRP area level MRP area level so wherever there is a MRP area this mean that they have clubbed certain storage location at the MRP area level but even we can do If you consolidate everything at the plant level also, we can do the same.

1:29:18 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) But we need to see how... Jagga, just one minute. Some companies, what they did is, they have created MRP areas so that they wanted to exclude the shutdown location and this project location, everything from the MRP. The example will be like Soar Gas, all these companies. But Adnog is a very different case. They are using the MRP in such a way that they have each rig is modeled as a storage location. First, what the MRP does is, the MRP runs at each of the storage locations, which is spinning at the rig level. When the MRP runs, it will not directly place a demand to the vendor. It will never place a demand to the vendor. These rigs, when the MRP runs, because of the special procurement key which is maintained, it will place a demand on another storage location. If any of the rigs, this planning is executed, it will place the demand on another main storage location. Another MRP is run on the main store. It's just a storage location within the same plant. So that time, this is the only MRP that will generate an external procurement. If the material is already available, this will be issued against a stock transport order, internal stock transport order. Advanced drilling has a genuine case of them running it like this, but some other companies they used MRP area to exclude shutdown stores, project stores from the MRP. So both types we have Jagga.

1:31:29 - Murugan Kaliaperumal (ADNOC - PE&ICV) This will be same for all and in future this scenario will be same as Vignesh explained for all companies. Preservation requirement store will be under the plant and purchasing plant or purchasing receiving plant will be different. Receiving store will be different. Purchasing and receiving store. Currently adnog drilling and adnog onshore has the same scenario.

1:31:58 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So Vignesh, just to make sure. The case where you are excluding certain storage location for planning.

1:32:09 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Essentially means. You're not considering inventory available at those locations for planning.

1:32:15 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, they did not. No, no, no, those storage location that will also be considered even in the purchasing plan there will be levels MRP parameter that also will be considered correct yeah so we have both the cases Murugan in some in some cases you know like in in sour gas and all what they did is they specifically they don't want the quantities in the shutdown store to be you know considered for the for the MRP general MRP so what they did they created an MRP area which excluded the shutdown store. And basically the concept is those are excluded, the quantities in the shutdown store are excluded from the MRP planning. This is one or two companies who did that. Because they are reserved quantities. Yeah, reserved quantities, but others are.

1:33:09 - Murugan Kaliaperumal (ADNOC - PE&ICV) They did not have the queue concept, that is the reason.

1:33:15 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yes, yes, that time they did not have the project stock So what they did is they kept creating a shutdown store which is a storage location and we used MRP at MRP area to exclude those stocks in that storage location from planning. This is what we did.

1:33:34 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So that's what. So essentially you have two scenarios. First scenario is when you use MRP areas to exclude certain storage location stocks for planning which means you are only restricting planning from a certain storage location. And then the second scenario is where you have one storage location fulfilling requirement of other storage location. So you have a primary storage location which is fulfilling requirement of the secondary storage location. And then the primary storage location replacement happens from vendor, which means this nesting is there in the scenario too. So this MRP areas is how we supply the material to a specific demand. So from a demand perspective, we are still consolidating the demand. But when it comes to supply, we will have to make sure this MRP areas, like when we say from a location, Hector will need to consider MRP areas as separate locations, but separate reorder points and separate inventory fulfillment or whatever parameters, safety stock parameters we are maintaining for a material. So it can be separate for an MRP area versus. So anyways, storage location plant are two separate MRP areas. It has to be MRP area specific and not location specific.

1:34:59 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) That's how exactly it works even in the SAP HANA today. If we have an MRP area defined, the MRP area level we define what is the safety stock, what is the reorder point you know and this is how if it's at the plant level, if the MRP is at the plant level, the plant level MRP parameters are considered. If it's at the MRP area level, in each MRP area they have this reorder point, safety stock, maximum stock, all these parameters that should be taken while execution of MRP at that MRP area.

1:35:41 - Murugan Kaliaperumal (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Vignesh, considering the future and only we have a short period of transition period say one year, why don't we plan for every company same way as what Adnog Drilling is doing, one plant or one storage location for purchasing, and inspection, then transfer it to all their planning plant or their current existing old storage location. Why don't we implement it at this tenure inventory for all the companies?

1:36:24 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Can we do one thing, Murugan? As an inventory, you and we can align, and then we can get back to them with a clear picture. If we start discussing that now, then it may, I don't want to discuss a design which is not completely formulated. So we can have this discussion, considering the inventory where it goes, and then we can tell them that this is our requirement. Murugan, is that okay?

1:36:57 - Murugan Kaliaperumal (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Yeah, yeah, it's okay. They had made a study last year of the Jagannath Das in the central planning team. Team made a study to do a uniform planning option across company excluding MRP area. So we can involve this team again and try to do some uniform planning for future.

1:37:24 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Sure, we can have an internal discussion probably today or tomorrow.

1:37:32 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 You can align this internally and And then this can be a requirement in the supply planning session when we are talking about supply planning where how you want to work on the supply plans. This can be part of those workshop.

1:37:44 - Murugan Kaliaperumal (ADNOC - PE&ICV) Oh yeah, we need to. Yeah, yeah, we will discuss it and get lost right last year. Then those are. Please try to organize internal meeting on our with all the inventory focal points key staffs. Let us finalize this option. Yeah, this will be good for you.

1:38:02 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Tomorrow we can try to meet from 9 to 10.

1:38:08 - Unidentified Speaker OK.

1:38:09 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 And more again, you you'll get back to us more again. Vignesh will get back to us this week.

1:38:15 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, get back to you as soon as we have a way forward.

1:38:24 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 We just want to make sure you have this way forward before our supply planning sessions, which are starting first week of November.

1:38:30 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Okay, fine. We need to have this input, so if we are starting the rating, the location attribute, we need to do it at the correct level. Just for you to know that the recommendation on IVP for us, the technical side, is if we can plant at the plant level, that's the better scenario for us because you already have too many combinations, too many materials that need to be planned. And if we are continuous going deeper and deeper, the amount of combination is going to explode. So it's not going to be good for anyone, right? So if there is not a strict requirement of why we need to do something like this, like, for example, in the case of drilling, as I'm hearing, all your cases can be handled by just filtering. So if you want to exclude certain MRP areas or storage location from the stock that we are integrating JVP. It's just a matter to filter the information. We don't need to plan at the MRP area to have this done. If you can consolidate, that's better. Otherwise, let's have a very good reason why we want to go to the MRP area so we can proceed in that way.

1:39:48 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) We will do that. There are some genuine cases where an MRP area is required. There are some cases or a filter may be applicable, we will let you know.

1:39:57 - Unidentified Speaker Perfect.

1:39:58 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) All right. We are on. Good. So if you're having any questions, just interrupt me. I think that now we go to the statistical forecast part. So hopefully, this is not going to be repetitive. Just in case if we have anyone new, I would like to explain what is a statistical forecast. And then let's discuss how we can do it for this case in which most of the information doesn't have a consumption history. The whole idea of the statistical forecast is to look to the history, find a pattern, replicate, and to extrapolate that behavior into the future. It's very simple. This isn't our simplification, of course. This is not how every model is going to be working, but it's very good for understanding what we are trying to achieve. So the historical consumption will have different First of all, we have a baseline that is like the average number that we have, we are consuming. Also can happen to intermittency, right? That is going to be the most common scenario, yes. And in some cases also can have an increasing trend or decreasing trend and even can have a seasonality that in certain months of the year, for example, the consumption can be higher than in other periods. So if there is something like that, our models should be able to handle that behavior. On ADP, we have different algorithms that we group into models to forecast the demand. And different algorithms are going to be in different levels of sophistication, let's say. There are some algorithms that are very, very simple, like a simple average. But you would be surprised that in some cases, In the other case, we have some very advanced algorithms like the automated exponential smoothing, like the grain boosting decision trees that are machine learning. And they are able to forecast, of course, more scenarios. So here we have a very basic table in which you can see that different algorithms can forecast different kinds of demands, right? So we have intermittent demand. So we have all these algorithms that are going to be able to help us We have constant demand, that is just a flat number. We are consuming basically in every period. Algorithms that are going to be able to forecast trends, seasonality, and some others that are even able to bring into the equation some independent variables that can affect the demand. So IBP is going to take all these algorithms, and automatically it's going to decide which one we are going to use for each And by combination, I mean, for example, the plant location information, that being the plant or the MRP area, and the material. So for different combinations, we have different algorithms and IVPs doing that optimization of deciding which one is the best fit for each case. So this is going to be done in two cases. First of all, as you saw in previous sessions, We have a demand pattern recognition that is a machine learning feature that we have on IVP that is able to detect if we have intermittency, if we have continuous demand, seasonality, and so on. Sorry for that. So that is going to be our first layer of decision. So if we already detect that something is intermittent, then we are not going to use a simple average. Because that is not going to replicate the behavior of that particular combination, right? So that is the first layer. And then when we filter to the models that are able to replicate the demand, like for example, for intermittent we have these six algorithms, then IVP will calculate based on a fit error measure, what is the best one that is, what is the one that is adapting test to the historical values so we can use it for forecasting the future. Okay. If I jump quickly.

1:44:15 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) Are these like the MRP types in the IBP? Like are you going to say for this material, we need to use this algorithm. For this material, we need to use this algorithm. Is that what is going to happen?

1:44:29 - Unidentified Speaker Exactly.

1:44:30 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) That is what I want to say. So we are forecasting at the location level and material level. For any of those combinations, we are going to decide, well, IBP will decide automatically which one is the best algorithm based on all that you are seeing here.

1:44:51 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) So IBP will make the decision for which is the best algorithm based on the material. So we don't need to, like SAP HANA, we have to put per material. Whether we need to use v1, vb, pd, but we don't need to do that. Algorithm A will assess what is the best one. That means, correct?

1:45:12 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, I don't know if we are talking about the same there. Here is just to forecast the demand in the future. We automatically will decide which of the algorithms is going to be better. They are related to the MRP type. That is another discussion we think. That is more related to the that we are having in the next week.

1:45:32 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So Hector, it is not related. Vignesh is just trying to make it relatable that similar to what happens in MRP, this is kind of a similar data. But MRP, it is a manual input, whereas in IVP, it is IVP defines the algorithm automatically. So I don't think we'll need any further discussion on this.

1:45:51 - Unidentified Speaker You can continue. Just one question. Is it can manual? Choose to audit IVP automatically. Always does that. I mean, it's an option configure.

1:46:01 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 4 Yeah, you can do it, but it's not recommended because it will take a lot of time.

1:46:05 - Hector Palacios (ADNOC Group D&CS) Yeah, you have too many combinations. I guess if you want to focus on maybe if you want to focus on the most critical ones and for those maybe you want to assess different options. And it's a possibility we have done is very common, but it depends if you want to focus on that manually It's also a possibility. All right, so the system is going to look like this. There is a lot happening in the background, of course. And you will see some values here. Sorry, I lost my, I don't see my mouse here. Maybe if I go to the presentation. Now I can see. Good, so we will have a view. This one specifically, in which we have the historical information, like the consumption. We are going to get there. Let's assume that we have the historical consumption of this item. And then in another line, we are going to generate automatically the statistical forecast. So this is going to be for the future, as you will see here. It's forecasting some numbers based on the historical patterns that we have on the past. This is a job This is an algorithm that we run from here. So this is our forecasting. So we specify some parameters, the model that we need to use. And this will be triggering the automatic selection and all the things that we were discussing before. It's something that can be very simple to run. I mean, we can leave it with the parameters, raise it up, and so on. So you just run it. You don't need to worry about many things. But it's a common practice for us that this is something that the planner runs manually every month, right? If you ask me if we can scale this, that is a possibility for sure. But usually, as the planning cycles, we are not having the working days for the statistical forecast are not exactly the same on each month. So maybe it's better to do it manually. And from that moment started, all the demand planning process, but also can be scalable if we find a very solid pattern that we need to run this, I don't know, the second Monday of every month, then we can scale that as well. It's a possibility. So that is how it's going to be. You generate a number, and as soon as the algorithm runs, you will see this number updated, and that is your new base to start the whole demand planning process. Now, we have a big point here. That is something that, as we were saying at the beginning, we still don't have the final solution for this. It's related to how we do it for the new parts. Because for the new parts, the problem is that you don't have history. And for ETC, it's going to be the general rule. We understand that it's like 99% the cases that we don't there are new materials and they don't have of course histories or how we are going to generate a forecast. So regardless of how we get to this point to the references, it's a must that on IVP, if you don't have history, you need to use references materials. So if you have a valve, for example, that is going to be new, maybe you have three that are similar and you want to use the the historical consumption of these ones to make up a fake history for you so we can run the forecast on IBP. So how to decide which ones, that is another discussion. We need to explore a little bit on that, but that is what we need to do either way. So in this case, for example, if we have continuous semantics, it's more simple because you just take like an average of the similar materials, and you create a history for your new SKU, right? And you can forecast based on this information. Very simple. So it's just a matter to get the fake or fictitious history in place so we can follow up the normal process that we follow for every MRO, right? When we have intermittent demand, it's a little different because cannot just calculate an average, it's not going to do good for sure. So what we do in this case is that for every consumption pattern that we see here, there is something like a mean time between failure, that is like an average every how many weeks we are having a failure. So this is an average number that we can get. Also the quantity, so how much we are ordering or using each time, that is also something that we get get for every combination. So once we get that information, we can calculate intermittent forecast by calculating the mean time between failures, between the references, and also the amount quantity average between the references. And we can use that as a starting point for our new parts. So that is going to be the approach, depending on if it is continuous or if in intermittent, it's going to follow the same logic using reference materials to be able to create our historical consumption, but in different ways because they behave differently. Now, what happens when we start having history? Because you are starting your operating in this new project, so you will start consuming some materials, and at one point you will So at the beginning, the problem is that it's not going to be enough, right? You will have some months maybe of history or maybe one year. It's not usually what we need for forecasting. We need more information. We need three years, five years. You have a good forecast with enough data points. So for the beginning, it will continue the same. So we will use the reference materials. We have the fictitious history. But from one moment onwards, we are going to start using the own history of the material. So it's going to be like a composed history, let's say. And based on that, we will create a statistical forecast. That is the way to go in these cases. On the system, if I show you really quickly, we have an example of a new part replacement. So here you have your material part. Let me hide this. You have this material part. And then in the future, for example, if this to be replaced by another one, we have the code here. So if you realize, of course, the new material doesn't have any history. And we cannot create a forecast using their own history. So we are borrowing the history from this other material that is exactly the same. And we have our replacement date as well. So this is going to happen between February and March. Of course, at the beginning, you need to decrease to zero stock that you have on the old material, and then you are also start increasing the consumption of the new one. So there is a kind of phase in, phase out, phase for each material correspondingly. And you will, when you create the forecast, IBP can take all this information into consideration that for the current material, for example, you grade the forecast and you will have it until March. And then for the new material, you start from February. You see that the of the beginning is lower, but then it's higher, the opposite case on the old material, and then you do the complete switch to the new material and you start planning the new one. So, for the completely new materials that we have on EPC project, it's going to be a similar case, only that you will not do the phase-out of an old material for a new one, you will create the demand for a new one and maintain the demand for the other ones, because this is not a replacement, it's just that we are using the reference information to create the forecast for the new ones. So, this is going to be the input for demand planning. As I told you, as soon as we are able to find the consumption history  sorry, base our consumption history on similar materials, we are able to proceed of the demand planning process like always, like any other material is going to be the same. It's just this additional that we need to have at the beginning to define the history. So that's it. I don't know if you have any questions about this. What we wanted to understand on our side, at least, if you have any questions, just interrupt me. But as we see that this is going to be a difficult process to identify, because the standard in IEPs is that the planner is identifying what are the reference materials that we can use for each case. Now, the case is that we have too many materials right now, and this is a task that seems that cannot be done manually. So while that is a challenge that we need to solve, how is something that we still need to explore. But what we would like to do right now is to understand how you are dealing with this right now, because right now you have the same problem, and you need to create Inventory policies for this, you need to create a purchase through decisions and all of that. So you need to start from a demand plan, I guess, for these new materials. And the question is how you are dealing with this as you don't have consumption history based on which you are basing your forecast. I don't know who can speak about it.

1:56:14 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So, Khalid, Inventory Planner does this analysis of which is the new material and what should be the parameters for the new material, right? So, anyone can help us understand how it is happening today where Prathviraj, you want to take this?

1:56:36 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) What exactly Nishant?

1:56:37 - Unidentified Speaker Sorry. No, I when you're.

1:56:43 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Defining that there are a lot of new material to get are getting created through the EPC program EPC project, which means that inventory planner has to identify what is the new material, define all the reorder point parameters, safety stock parameters or identify what is the similar model which with which reference with which you will try to create this parameters for the new model. So how what is happening today? How are you doing this today physically considering that the same challenge lies that thousands of models are getting created? How inventory planner is able to manage and all these parameters for new materials and how they are how you are forecasting the procurement proposal for future.

1:57:31 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) Yeah so whenever the new material is created for any new project based on the EPC recommendations by the EPC contractor he will first of all it will be reviewed and known that this there is already a material number which is existing in case it is existing and by the SAP code itself he will come to know which are the equipments it is attached to and what is the bomb and other details in the existing system and also the MRP levels if it is already existing. So based on that with the existing data which is there for that material and for the additional equipments and bomb to which it will be attached he will based set parameters which are required for setting MRP levels for a given item he will review the whole process once again and decide what should be the optimum MRP levels considering the existing requirements as well as the new requirements. And if it is a new material then again based on what the material is I mean the same parameters the material nature, the usage, criticality and all other factors. Numbers, he will decide that what will be the optimum levels.

1:58:53 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So, is there any formula or is there any step by step process he needs to or any excel sheet a planning sheet where he inputs like what is the nature usage criticality and system like how the exact value is determined. I understand nature usage and criticality are some of the inputs but then.

1:59:12 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) The factors the factors which have been listed in the procedure will help him arrive at that decision. So, criticality is already defined while using that matrix, the matrix which is there in the procedure. So, criticality is already there which is assigned by cataloging. So, either it is vital, essential, desirable. If there is there will be a indicator for that and the rest of will be usage data and lead time and others. So he will make so basically all this data he will review while defining the MRP levels which has already been reviewed by maintenance as well as to what should be the recommended MRP levels.

2:00:02 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yeah so you talked about the nature criticality and but then when you how do you identify what What are different parameters are looked into? Is this part of the same equipment? Is this having the same description? Is it having the same usability in terms of physical usage on machine? What are the parameters which help you identify that, okay, this is the reference model which is already available in S4 HANA?

2:00:33 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) That part is already seen done by cataloging, who's slightly different from inventory. Just to understand so they will check for any duplicates for existing materials and they will do that part and they will identify and say that this material is already existing and this is the SAP code which is there for that.

2:00:54 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 But when it says when once it is identified as new after that how do you identify that okay this this material does not exist but then material ABC is the closest material to this material.

2:01:07 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) No, no, no. Logging has done their part of ensuring that there is no duplicate then it is a new material and there is no further review again repeated to ensure that you know something is close to it. Then based on the inventory parameters which is listed in the procedure for defining the MRP levels it will be set and the recommended quantities obviously by the manufacturer which has already been reviewed by maintenance.

2:01:33 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 Whatever the manufacturer if I can summarize. If it is a new material, whatever the manufacturer has recommended, ADNOT will follow the recommendation.

2:01:44 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) If there is a doubt which has there like let us say the equipment attached is 4, particular spare is attached to 4 equipments.

2:02:04 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) manufacturer has recommended 8 be kept in stock, there will always be a query back saying that why 8, maybe 2 is enough or 4 maximum should be enough.

2:02:17 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 But this, this review or this, how would the inventory controller or planner analyze this, like based on what?

2:02:29 - Unidentified Speaker Based on their conscience.

2:02:30 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 2 experience or it's there is negotiation only negotiation or.

2:02:37 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 7 I think the main question is if it needs to be automated or any attempt to make certain logic. We need to understand today what has been the key. Criteria to make that right decision. I mean, maybe again experience. I think this is related to this one. Because if we need to automate anything, it has a rule or a foundation at the beginning. And that's what the team is trying to understand.

2:03:10 - Prathviraj Anchan (Borouge) It's a complicated combination of factors, right from the equipment it is attached to, criticality of the equipment, criticality of the spare part, the estimated usage for the spare, nature of item itself. So, these are the factors which are also listed in the procedure when you are setting up MRP levels. So, based on all of this and the experience of the inventory controller, which is basically because equipment behaviors can be different, spare consumption behaviors can be different, all of these factors is what will go into making that final recommendation.

2:03:50 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 7 Okay.

2:03:50 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So, I think Rahul, we need to have as an action just separate discussion So we've already come to the time limit for today's workshop, but then we have a follow-up workshop in an hour. We can spend probably half an hour to 45 minutes on this. I think we will have time to cover this. You'll have some material. We will have some time to look at this specific point as part of today's workshop. Considering we have reached to a certain point, discussed upon the process. We are looking at the forecasting parameter. Let's spend that half an hour to 45 minutes to understand what...

2:04:29 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 7 Suggestion, Rahul, sorry to cut you off. Let's finish. I want to make sure by the end of the mission, we finish the original material. Sorry, the core material. The remaining time will use for this.

2:04:39 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 Yes, that's what the plan is. We'll finish the agenda, but I feel we will have time to have this discussion today only. And then we'll finish.

2:04:46 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 7 Might be another topic that pops up and requires attention. So let's just get it.

2:04:53 - Conference Room (MM- SKEC2 - L08) - Speaker 1 So let's conclude this session. It's already 1201. Will come back again at 1 PM and then continue the discussion from there for the same topic.

2:05:03 - Unidentified Speaker Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you.

2:05:07 - Vignesh Perumal (ADNOC Group D&CS) you Hmm.

2:19:35 - Unidentified Speaker you